---
title: "Chapter 89 2nd generation Kisame"
---

The great shark sword Sameheda was very powerful and its ability to increase overall battle power was very high. While the Water attribute talent enhancement was like a game changer.

After consumption it can highly enhance a person’s water attribute talent which was the perfect for Kingpin. As he had only one attribute and that is water.

These two cost him a total of ten million dollars. The water attribute talent enhancement seeds five million, and the great shark sword Sameheda five million.

Looking at Kingpin, whose skin had already turned blue because of the water attribute talent enhancement seeds, and with the shark sword Sameheda Wu Chen felt that Kingpin was already like a mini second generation Kisame.

His body size is a little smaller, more shark gills on the face, with growing hairs.

That's right, Wu Chen is trying to make Kingpin Kingpin into a second generation Kisame Hoshigaki!

The sharkman of the Naruto series Kisame Hoshigaki was not weak at all. Once he had a fight with the eight tail’s jinchuuriki Killer Bee. And in that fight Kisame single-handedly defeated Killer Bee, the perfect Jinkchuriki of that time.

If not for the timely arrival of the fourth generation Raikage Killer Bee would have been caught by the Akatsuki organisation.

The huge amount of chakra, the shark-like water style jutsu, and the large shark sword Sameheda, all of these were important components for the strength of the Hoshigaki Kisame.

After consuming the seed Kingpin’s chakra quantity started to rise at an alarming rate. Mastering water style jutsus was not a big thing for him. In addition to all these he had the great sword Sameheda on his hands. One more thing that Kingpin had an advantage over the real Hoshigaki Kisame was his physical constitution which was way much stronger than the original sharkman of the Naruto series.

Wu Chen had expectations that if he nurtured kingpin good and train him hard then he could surpass the original Kisame and can become as strong as a jinchuuriki.

At that time Kingpin will be able to take one of the seats of the Dawn Organisation and can do his chores for him.

Before collecting the money and leaving the masked man said to Kingpin, "Take time. Recover first, then work harder. I will come again to see you after a while. After getting stronger when you get my recognition I will propose to the Chief to take you as an official member of the Dawn Organisation."

"Chief?" Kingpin froze in his place, "My lord, you are so powerful, aren't you the chief of the Dawn Organisation?"

The masked man shook his head, "That man has the eyes of the legendary Sage of Six Paths!"

"Sage of Six Paths?" Kingpin and puzzled.

But the masked man did not explain too much and directly left that place.

Watching the vortex slowly disappear, Kingpin clenched his fist, feeling the large Sameheda sword that seems to have a life. He could not help and blurted out his determination, "My lord, you just watch! I will master everything you give me, become strong enough, and then officially join the Dawn Organisation!

Although the shadow playing the role of Masked man came back late, Wu Chen was very happy with the results. Two hundred and ten million dollars, this can let Wu Chen do a lot of things!

For example, get another tailed beast!

Of course, not only the tail beast, but also let him master the Nine-Tailed Chakra mode, as well as let him have an additional chakra attribute.

After the battle with Kingpin during the day, Wu Chen found that his fighting methods were okay, but lacked deadly techniques.

The only deadly technique Obito had at that time was the eye technique Amaterasu. Excluding it he didn’t have anything else.

The fire style jutsus were good for flashy attacks but not good enough as a deadly technique or signature skill.

All of these are very powerful, but Wu Chen cannot get any of them.

Or rather, they weren’t worth it.

It was more like he can’t practice those jutsus with his current cultivation technique.

Wu Chen had watched the entire Naruto series and according to him the Wind Style Rasenshuriken was the best signature move for him. To 
learn it he can simply use a wish card and burn some amount of money to have it ingrained in his mind.

Spiral pill shuriken potential is unlimited.

In addition to all these, Wu Chen had an advantage that Naruto didn’t have at the time of learning Wind Style Rasenshuriken. And that advantage is the way of learning this technique.

So then, he directly used the wish card to get a top grade wind attribute seed,
Ding~
[-10 million yuan]

After taking the seed that looked like a transparent wind ball, Wu Chen didn't feel any difference

Perhaps when he learns and masters the Wind Style Rasenshuriken afterwards, he will be able to see the usefulness of this seed.

In this way, Wu Chen still has two hundred and ten million dollars of money left.

The 200 million masked men brought back 10 million from the S.H.I.E.L.D.'s follow-up rewards.

At this time, Wu Chen suddenly discovered that there was an abnormal situation on the system panel that he had not noticed till then.

Before the playing progress of Namikaze Minato there was a ‘?’

................................................
Hey Readers, Rex here.
Chapters will be updated on this website first and then on Webnovel after a day or two.
................................................
Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed what you have read, do consider tipping us a little through: https://ko-fi.com/yft/
Once we receive 3$, an advance chapter will be posted as a thank you. Don’t forget to mention the series that you’re supporting!
................................................
Or consider visiting out Patreon for advance chapters: https://www.patreon.com/yft

................................................