---
title: "Ch 1-19"
---

Chapter 1 - The strongest playing system in the heavens

"Hiss."

Wu Chen slowly opened his eyes, only to feel a numbing pain on the back of his head.

He raised his hand to support his head and sat up. Immediately afterward, he noticed the unusual situation around him.
His eyes took over the scene around him; night streets lined with tall buildings on both sides. When his gaze fell at his feet, he realised he was sitting right on top of the sidewalk.

"Where is this? Wasn't I working overtime at the company?" Wu Chen murmured, startled, and jumped to his feet.

He remembered very clearly that his project was about to be accepted, but the final inspection work had not yet been done, so Wu Chen's group was working overnight to finish it up.

It seems that he fell asleep while working and then woke up in this place?

Could it be that he's dreaming?

"ROAR!!!"

Not far away came an earth-shattering roar, as if a monster was going crazy.

Then came a very loud shout, "Hulk!" 

The colossal roar produced tremendous vibrations, and the wound on the back of his head pulsated. The numbing pain resurfaced, serving as a reminder to Wu Chen that this was real.

An unfamiliar memory came to his mind. Wu Chen looked at the fist-sized blood-stained stone near him as if to understand the situation.

This was New York, USA, and he is the owner of a Chinese restaurant in Manhattan.

His name is still Wu Chen, with a handsome appearance, but the world is not the world it once was.

In his memory, Wu Chen saw the headquarters building of Stark Industries and saw Tony Stark very frankly saying at a press conference, "I am Iron Man!"

This is the Marvel world!

According to those memories, this was the Marvel movie world.
At once, Wu Chen let out a sigh of relief... Hah!

Compared to the Marvel Comics world, the Marvel movie world is undoubtedly a few notches weaker overall in power level.

But even if it's considered weak, it's not to the level that ordinary people can resist.

Now that the Iron Man has appeared, doesn't that mean the Hulk, Thor, Hydra, and even the Exterminator will show up?


Wu Chen could sense the wave of bad luck approaching. He did not want to bet on the probability of coming across them since he knew he would definitely become ash scattered on the ground.

But, as an ordinary person, what can he do?

He thought of the reason he was lying on the ground at the moment.

He'd gone out to buy something, and then suddenly there was a loud bang. A fist-sized stone flew far over and hit him directly on the back of the head.

"I'm too unlucky!"

Boom!

The wall that was not too far away from Wu Chen was reduced to pieces as another rock shot towards him.

He hurriedly dodged it while angrily glaring over towards the source of the rock.
But the next second, he froze. Then, in a split second, he ran like he was on fire. 

After the wall broke open, an ugly green giant more than three meters tall appeared in Wu Chen's sight. It was none other than the one who caused Wu Chen's injury.

He also recognized its identity - the Abomination!

In order to capture the Hulk, General Ross formed a team with Emil Blonsky, who, in pursuit of greater power, exposed himself to gamma radiation and became the extremely ugly, but very vicious, and incomparably powerful Abomination!

This moment is the time when Blonsky turned into Abomination. Although he became powerful, he also lost all reason, crazy enough to destroy everything around, and wanting to fight with the Hulk!

Powerful physical instincts allowed Blonsky to feel the thrill of destruction.

He flipped the cars around him one by one before flinging them away violently, smashing pedestrians and vehicles.

"Ah!!! Help!"

The cries of innocent people shook the sky as police officers arrived and shot at the Abomination, but to no avail.

Pow!

A car fell head-on to several police officers, who tried to dodge but died instantly.

Wu Chen witnessed this scene, only to feel a pent-up feeling in his heart that refused to leave.

Abomination, in order to attract Hulk over, ruthlessly destroyed everything, without caring about anything. This is truly evil!

"Mom! I want mommy!!!"

Suddenly, a little girl's cries sounded behind him. Wu Chen stopped his escape and turned his head to look over.

He saw a five or six-year-old blonde girl lying on the ground. In front of her was a blonde woman lying in a pool of blood. And behind her was Abomination, carrying a car!

Wu Chen's eyes glowed red. He wanted to save this loli.

But... Too far away!

Abomination had found the blonde loli and was steadily approaching her.

While he was thinking about the tragedy about to take place, an emotionless ethereal voice appeared in Wu Chen's mind.

[Ding. Detects that the host has an extremely strong obsession, the strongest playing system in all the heavens is open!] 

[Host: Wu Chen]

[Current playing character: None] 
[Current playing progress: 0] 
[Possession of characters: None] 
[Number of times left to play a character: 1]

The sudden sound made Wu Chen's pupils dilate slightly, and then his dark eyes shone with light!

A cheat skill has appeared!



Without the intention to study his cheat skills, nor the intention to chat with the system, he directly inwardly roared, 'Extract the playing character!' 

The most important thing at the moment is to save the blonde loli!

Wu Chen himself has no way to save her. He can only rely on the power of the cheat skill.

And based on the name of this system, he was probably able to guess that the system could let him play as any character within the heavens and the earth.

It could be a big boss or a weakling.
But no matter who it was, it must be stronger than Wu Chen, an ordinary person!

Sure enough, the ethereal voice in his head rang out again.

[Please choose from the collection of playing characters, the current options are Naruto, DC, Dragon Ball]

[Want to extract immediately?] 

[ Extract ] 

[Extraction successful, character unlocked from Naruto]

[System detection, first time with character extraction. BUFF 'Wishful thinking' applied.]

[Ding! Character extraction in progress ......]

As the system's words fell, a series of figures flashed in Wu Chen's mind.

Finally, an image rose in his mind of a figure wearing a white robe with red flames licking the bottom, a Konoha forehead protector strapped on.

Blonde hair, blue-eyed, spiky hair, and that handsome soft face brought a warm feeling. Under the robe was the tactical clothing worn only above the Konoha ninja, and at the back of the robe were five big shiny words 'Fourth generation Hokage'!

The fourth-generation Hokage, the golden flash of Konoha, Namikaze Minato!

Wu Chen was excited. The blonde loli will be safe now!

When it comes to views, the first impression is, of course, the best!


[Ding! Congratulations to the host who has won the character of Naruto's fourth-generation Hokage, Konohagakure!]

[Do you want to start playing?] 

[Reminder: Appearance of all the characters played by the host will be altered automatically]

Initially, Wu Chen was worried that he would need to dress up as Minato and dye his black hair blonde before he could start playing, but he didn't expect that he could actually transform directly.

So, he didn't hesitate and replied directly to the system, "Start playing!"

 

 Chapter 2 - Take this Rasengan!


A breath later, Wu Chen disappeared, and in his place appeared a man with a gentle and handsome face, in his early twenties, wearing a white robe, with a triple-pronged kunai!

At the same time, the system panel in his mind also changed.

[Host: Wu Chen]

[Currently playing character: 4th generation Hokage] 

[Current playing progress: 15%]

[Possessing character: Namikaze Minato, Konoha's Yellow Flash]

[Number of times left to play a character: 0]

Wait, what is this 15% of the playing progress?

 Is it because he had something in common with Namikaze Minato? That they are both handsome and willing to help the weak?

Thinking only for a moment, Wu Chen decided to drop it for the time being.

The most important thing at the moment is to save that blonde loli.

Reaching into his back pocket, Wu Chen pulled out his second kunai.

Whoosh!

This triple-prong kunai was projected by him to a safe place far away. The speed was so fast that ordinary people could not see clearly with the naked eye.

This is the trick that only the real Minato possessed.

Then, Wu Chen slightly bowed his body and strongly flung another kunai towards the blonde loli's location.

This time, with full power, the speed was even faster than the one thrown before.

Dong!

The blonde loli, who had been crying, froze all of a sudden. She wiped her tears and reached out to touch the kunai.

In her opinion, the Chinese characters tied to the handle of the kunai looked very much like a tadpole.

The blonde loli liked these kinds of cute and lovable little animals. She seems to have forgotten the current situation.

Behind the lil loli, Abomination raised the vehicle high and was about to smash it on her.

If it fell, the blonde loli would definitely die!
And her death will be extremely miserable!
The child's body had not yet fully developed, so her bones were not hard. It would definitely crush the blonde loli.

If Abomination's moves were faster, the blonde loli might feel less painful.

Looking at the blonde loli's small and lovely body, Abomination's eyes had a bloodthirsty and excited look. His mental state was highly unstable, but he could also sense everything around him.

The pleasure of this destruction made him excited.

Especially at this moment, this loli was about to die by his hands. This feeling made him so high!

In the distance, the helicopter in which General Ross was riding looked at the maniacal Abomination. 

Bruce Banner was also in the helicopter.
Both he and his girlfriend Betty were captured by General Ross.

Because of the injection of inhibitors, Dr. Banner could not turn into the Hulk and was captured.

But at this moment, seeing these humans die, Banner took the initiative to General Ross and said, "Ordinary people have no way to deal with the Abomination. Let me go!"

"No!!!" His girlfriend Betty jumped over and hugged Banner, "You're not Hulk anymore. You can't go over there just to die!"

However, Dr. Banner shook his head. He could feel the inhibitor would only temporarily control the Hulk. If he was in danger, Hulk would reappear.

Meeting Dr. Banner's firm eyes, Betty cried tears of pain but finally nodded.

Kissing Betty for a moment, Dr. Banner jumped straight out of the helicopter under the watchful eye of General Ross.

BOOM!!!

He fell on the ground, a hole forming, but Hulk did not come out immediately.

"Bruce!!!" Betty shouted, but to General Ross suddenly said, "Quick! Fly that way! Look over there! What's with that man!"

At that, Betty looked up and looked over.

"ROAR!!!" Abomination roared and was about to throw the car in his hand when the blonde loli finally noticed the scenario behind her.

She opened her mouth wide in horror, but the next second, the sight in front of her was blocked.

Suddenly, a handsome blonde man appeared beside the blonde loli.

The eyes were set on a handsome face, more handsome than her father.

And he wasn't just handsome. There was warmth emitting from him, just like a little sun.

This man gave her a gentle smile and reached out to hold the kunai that she was holding, "This is a dangerous thing, don't touch it, little one!"

Bang!
Boom!!!

What Abomination hit was air. It made him angry, "Hulk!" 

The loli only saw a blur before her eyes; she was carried by this warm man to a safe location at a distance.

"Big brother, can you fly?"

Wu Chen smiled gently, "This is not flying. This is ninjutsu!"

After uttering these words, he put down the blonde loli and admonished her, "Run far away. The farther, the better."

Then, he turned his head and once again took out several kunai, throwing them towards the position of the others who were too late to escape.

Swish swish swish!!!

Four or five people instantly appeared in front of the blonde loli.

There were blonde women with blue eyes, Asians with black hair and black eyes, and Africans with brown eyes.

After taking away the innocent passersby around Abomination, Wu Chen narrowed his eyes and stared at Abomination. The depressed feeling in his heart transformed into anger.

Bullying, madness, and evilness!

He said in a loud voice, "I don't care what you are doing this for, but you disgust me with such behavior! I will strike you dead!"

After saying that, he shot several kunai at Abomination.

Abomination could not hear Wu Chen's words. It only knew that Wu Chen was provoking him and became even more furious.

However, when faced with the kunais that were shot, it didn't even think of dodging.
Abomination thought It was able to nullify bullets, so how could this kind of weapon hurt it?


Sure enough, the kunai did not pierce the Abomination's skin.


However, when the kunais thrown in the air hit abomination, Wu Chen appeared out of nowhere, with a blue spiral ball of light rotating in his hand. 

"Rasengan!!!"

Boom!

Abomination, an invincible creature in the face of many, was knocked away by a spiral ball of light. Hitting the building at the back, knocking it down.

It must be said that in front of the extreme and absolute power, Abomination was a worm.

"My goodness! This man actually knocked Abomination away!" General Ross exclaimed, and the few people saved by Wu Chen were equally dumbfounded.

"This is a superhero, right?! Everyone don't panic! There's a superhero like Iron Man coming to save us!"

Someone shouted, and more people saw the scene and stopped to watch.

It was normal to say that there were few foreigners.

The collapsed building stirred up the dust, which soon filled the surrounding area, completely covering Abomination's figure.

Wu Chen looked at the crowd of onlookers and ignored them. He did not care about them.

At this moment, he narrowed his eyes, coldly looking in the direction of Abomination.

Others just think the crisis disappeared, but only Wu Chen knew; Abomination is definitely not dead!


Chapter 3: Killing Abomination 

If Abomination is killed by a simple Rasengan, it's impossible for it to last in Hulk's for so long.

As expected, along with a roar, Abomination rushed out of the smoke, pounding the ground while rushing towards Wu Chen.

It wanted to crush this person in front of it. How dare he strike at the great Blonsky, simply an unforgivable sin!

Because of the tremendous damage from the Rasengan, Abomination's body was drenched in blood. Which in turn dragged him into his senses and made him use tactics in the process of rushing over.

A car was lifted by Abomination to crush his opponent, but Wu Chen easily dodged it.

 Abomination took the opportunity to attack!

Right in the middle of this, a giant fist rushed straight at Wu Chen's face.


But Wu Chen did not panic in the slightest.

The moment before Abomination's fist touched his body, he instantly disappeared, reappearing on the far side of the kunai.

Boom!

Abomination smashed the ground once again, becoming more and more Enraged, "Coward! Don't hide!!!"

Wu Chen frowned and thought it was time to finish this guy.

Although he could still continue to fight with it, the neighborhood would have been reduced to rubble if he had fought any longer.

So, he closed his eyes and prepared to enter the sage mode.

Yes, Namikaze Minato has also learned Sage Mode, and it's exactly the same as Naruto's Sage Mode.

When Abomination saw Wu Chen close his eyes, he only felt that this guy was underestimating him. Anger filled him from inside, making him rush towards Wu Chen.

"Oh my god! Why is he standing still?? That monster is running towards him! Run!"

"Big brother, dodge!!!"

The people around watched anxiously, but none of them dared to rush up.

Abomination's tyrannical behavior just now had made everyone's heart tremble in fear.

However, a sudden loud noise rang out, "Hulk!!!"

Boom!

The ground was dented as the Hulk finally appeared!

Hulk came out to see Abomination rushing towards an innocent 'passerby.' He immediately moved towards Abomination.

Boom!

The two collided in the air, two or three meters high. More than 500 kilograms of strong flesh collided, deviating it from the original direction. Both rolled onto the side.

Seeing this, Wu Chen put away his kunais, ready to unleash the Flying Thunder God Technique.

He certainly will not stand still and let Abomination strike. Although he was in Sage mode where he can not move, launching the Flying Thunder God Technique was possible.

If the progress was interrupted, then he'd have to start over again by re-entering the Sage mode.

Now that Hulk has given him a helping hand, Wu Chen naturally will not move around.

Even though it helped Wu Chen, the battle between the two monsters had caused more severe consequences than before.

A powerful sense of oppression was felt as houses collapsed around him like dominoes, one after another.

Concrete walls seemed as fragile as white paper.

Hulk and Abomination were roaring and fighting!

They vented their inner rage, using everything around them to try to kill each other.

Each impact would shatter the ground. Street lamp poles and fire hydrants become their weapons, used for hitting their opponents madly.

Soon, they were surrounded by ruins.

After witnessing such a devastating scene by the surrounding crowd, some of them were surprisingly more excited, shouting, "Kill him! Hulk, beat that ugly bastard to death!"

But more people sensed the danger and ran away in a panic.

The loli's blonde father came looking for her. He was a middle-aged man in a police uniform. He picked her up, carried his unconscious wife, and got into the police car.

"Daddy! That big brother saved me!" The blonde loli pointed at Wu Chen, who was still in Sage mode, in the car.

After taking a look, the middle-aged man ignored him and drove away. 

BOOM!!!

Hulk rage was not enough to be Abomination's opponent.

A street lamp pole struck him.

It just so happened that the direction he flew over was where Wu Chen was standing.

Wu Chen opened his eyes, his eyes adorned with two orange eyeshadows, in addition to toad-like pupils.

Swish!

He vanished, allowing Hulk to fall on the ground.

The next second, Wu Chen materialized before Abomination, raising his right hand that held a huge Rasengan… "Sage Mode - Giant Rasengan!"

BOOM!!!

Abomination reacted belatedly and was blown away by the Rasengan's powerful strike. He tumbled to the ground, his body completely damaged.

Blood splattered everywhere, at once. Half of his body was torn to pieces.

Sensing Abomination's increasingly faint breath, Wu Chen withdrew his palm.

Even Abomination can not resist the Sage Mode!

After all, it was a mode that can injure even a powerful being.

In the helicopter, General Ross's eyes widened as he roared, "Is that oversized ball of light some new energy weapon? Why can that man teleport! Hurry up and find out who he is!"

Initially, General Ross thought that this blond young man was able to hurt Abomination by accident, but he never thought he could actually kill Abomination!

Betty was also surprised.

This blond, handsome man killed Abomination. Then did that mean Banner wasn't required to fight with Abomination?

Bruce is safe!

Betty cried tears of joy.

The distant onlookers are now also alarmed.

Powerful, handsome face saved people in distress.

It is difficult for women not to have good feelings for him.

"Yellow Flash, we love you!!!"

"Yellow Flash, come on! Beat that big green guy again!"

Combined with Wu Chen's characteristics at this moment, these people had spontaneously given him the nickname 'Yellow Flash.'

Coincidentally, this nickname was also the name once given to Minato.

Konoha's Yellow Flash!

However, big green guy?

Wu Chen frowned, sensing the wind pressure behind him. He immediately jumped up to avoid this attack from behind.

Hulk was angry!

Fighting with Abomination for a few minutes, he has long been Abomination's opponent, not allowing anyone to interfere.

This was a powerful beast hunting instinct. Anyone who interfered with the prey is a deadly enemy!

Hulk had previously not reached this level, but now that Abomination died, he was not able to enjoy and release his anger. So, he sought the person who killed Abomination.

If he could kill Abomination, he must be powerful. He can let him unleash his anger! 

Hulk got up from the ground, clenched his fist, and rushed towards Wu Chen.

A heavy punch was dealt, which Wu Chen dodged easily. A cold frown was etched on his face.

Hulk had helped him first, so Wu Chen had not planned to make a move against Hulk.

But now this guy actually dared to take the initiative to attack him!

Then, it was necessary to show him the power of the Yellow Flash!

Swish!

A kunai, like a bullet, shot behind Hulk. A Yellow light flashed. Wu Chen appeared behind Hulk, having formed a Rasengan!


Chapter 4: Sandbag Hulk [Edited]

Boom!

Hulk smashed far into the wall, but his body surface did not have any damage, which showed the difference between him and Abomination.

After all, before, Wu Chen had only used a Rasengan, but it made Abomination wounded.

When used on Hulk, it was nothing different from a scrape.

It was the powerful energy that came into play, allowing him to make Hulk crash.

But that's not all!

The Flying Thunder God Technique was unleashed!

Wu Chen vanished.

By the time he reappeared, his position was behind Hulk.

Wu Chen had just attacked Hulk with Rasengan and left the Flying Thunder God Seal - 'Nin Ai No Ken' at the back of his neck!

These were the four words of Minato's flying thunder god seal. Meanwhile, the flying thunder god seal of the second Hokage, its creator, was a strange pattern.

Wu Chen's palm condensed a Rasengan and threw it out!

Hulk was blown away again. This time he appeared to have suffered a little damage. His body now had broken skin, oozing green blood, while Wu Chen was redirected to another direction.

With this force, Wu Chen flew to the wall, standing vertically with his chakra, concentrated on his feet to stabilize his body, and then raised his eyes to look at Hulk.

The next second, he repeated the same trick, disappearing again, appearing behind Hulk, and then a Rasengan!

Boom boom boom!

Hulk was like a sandbag that no one wants. Under the flash of the Rasengan, he was repeatedly knocked away, just not allowed to fall.

Blown back and forth dozens of times, Hulk had been drenched in blood.

He roared in the air, only to get beaten more by Wu Chen.

This is the great use of the Flying Thunder God Seal!

A use that Wu Chen had learned just then.

While fighting Abomination, he had not yet fully adapted to Minato's power. The combat technique used at that time was to cast the Flying Thunder God technique with the help of the kunais, having the 'Nin ai no ken' words.'

Obviously, leaving a flying thunder god mark on the target is a much simpler, more convenient, and practical technique.

Finally, Hulk, covered in green blood, fell down the road.

Wu Chen gathered the last bit of Sage Mode chakra and used the Sage Mode- Giant Rasengan once again!

Swish!

Wu Chen appeared above the Hulk, holding a larger Rasengan, and whirled it down!

"No!"

Betty's emotions were all jumbled.

When Abomination died, she felt grateful, but when Hulk attacked Wu Chen, she became worried.

Hulk was unilaterally being hit by Wu Chen. Seeing this, she was gripped with worry.

Now seeing Wu Chen use the same move that killed Abomination, she could not hold back any longer, "Stop it! Don't kill Bruce!!!"

But Wu Chen was not affected in the slightest. His hand pressed down fiercely!

Boom!!!

The light scattered. Hulk did not move as if he was dead.

But Wu Chen knew that the Hulk did not die. He would never die.

As the Hulk of the Marvel world, a certain big boss on Earth, Hulk will never just disappear, which was why Wu Chen did not kill him.

Hulk slowly shrunk and eventually took the appearance of Bruce Banner.

The Hulk was actually beaten back alive by Wu Chen!

There are only two people who can do this: Tony Stark wearing anti-Hulk armor, and the other is the Exterminator!

Wu Chen slowly withdrew his hand. He looked around the devastation, a trace of intolerance in his eyes.

At this time, General Ross's army surrounded the place, they drove away the citizens, then General Ross appeared not far away and shouted at Wu Chen: "Thank you very much for defeating the Hulk, and Abomination! I think we should have something in common."

But Wu Chen just coldly glanced at him. He completely ignored him.

Wu Chen knew that the root cause of all this in front of him was this General Ross.

It was he who swindled Dr. Banner into researching super soldier potions for the military without his knowledge, and then, a certain experiment went awry, turning Dr. Banner into the Hulk.

After that, General Ross saw the power of the Hulk, so he tried to replicate it.

Which was what led to this series of crap and the appearance of Abomination!

It can be said that for the Hulk series, General Ross is the source of all evil... 

Facing such a person, Wu Chen was already patient. He didn't want to be named a killer. Not to mention, it wouldn't give him a good look.

Moreover, he also understood the reason for General Ross's good attitude at this moment.

It's just that he wanted Banner and Abomination's body in his hands.

'You want it? I won't give it to you!' 

Wu Chen made up his mind to take away the Abomination's corpse and Banner's body, not to leave anything for General Ross.

At this time, some agents dressed in black came late, led by a black bald man with a single eye patch, "General, we'll take over here, please withdraw your troops!"

"Where did these people come from? Are you trying to steal the fruits of our military?" General Ross glared at the bald blackhead, then extended an invitation to Wu Chen, "This unknown gentleman, I think the army would be perfect for you! Your power is simply a natural killing machine. Come with me!"

Wu Chen didn't expect that General Ross would have his mindset on him.

His eyes flashed coldly, then he instantly disappeared.

The next moment, he appeared at General Ross's side because there was a kunai near him.

His palm crept on General Ross's neck, leaving the 'Nin ai no ken' mark, knocking him out. He then repeated the same trick, knocking every soldier with a gun to the ground.

Wu Chen did not kill, merely stunned them.

But in the process, every soldier didn't dare to shoot because they were afraid of accidentally injuring their teammates.

Snap, snap, snap!

In Nick Fury's perspective, he only saw a flash of golden light before General Ross, and his army fell to the ground.

Seeing this, he immediately became alert and raised his gun to aim at Wu Chen.

"Don't be nervous. I just made them faint." Wu Chen spread his hands and explained. He then pulled up Dr. Banner and prepared to leave.

The kunais on the ground. He did not take them back. He believed that S.H.I.E.L.D. would take it for him.

When the time comes, he could directly go to the S.H.I.E.L.D. Headquarters as a guest.

"Wait, sir!" Nick Fury saw Wu Chen's intention to go and immediately shouted, "Thank you very much for quelling the disaster! Can I ask your name? And, where are you from?"

Knowing that Nick Fury was also considered a good person, Wu Chen had a slightly better attitude and answered his question, "Konoha Hidden Village Fourth Hokage- Namikaze Minato!"

With these words, he leaped and took Dr. Banner's body, forming the fire seal.

He was also good at fire techniques.

"Fire Style-Fireball Technique!"

A giant fireball of diameter of three to four meters protruded from Minato's mouth and hit Abomination straight away.

Boom!

The place where it was lying exploded and burst into flames at the same time!


Chapter 5: Fame

'Konoha, Hidden Village? Fourth Hokage? What's all this! Why, in my all life, I have never heard about them?' 

Nick Fury was in deep confusion. He was wondering what kind of village the Konoha Hidden Village was? How could someone so powerful exist there!

Hulk's information was already known to Nick Fury. In his opinion, he was a more powerful and more suitable candidate to join his team rather than the Avengers of that Iron Man.

But now, such a powerful monster, not weaker than Abomination, was defeated by this Minato. And to think, he killed Abomination!

This wasn't all that shocked Nick Fury.

What shook Nick Fury even more, was that this Minato wasn't just extremely fast. He could also make fire out of nowhere! 

The huge fireball emitted fervent heat, and the shock wave after the explosion made the agents take a few steps back.


Seeing this scene, Wu Chen carried Banner and retreated a few jumps away from there.

"Put out the fire! Quickly put out the fire!!!"

But it was already too late.

By the time the fire extinguisher spewed white foam, Abomination's corpse was already burnt.

That could not be used for research at all.

Looking up, Wu Chen and Banner's figure has also long disappeared. Nick Fury felt a sense of frustration for the first time in his life.

But soon, he recovered, "Wake up General Ross and the others and deal with the follow-up!"

Click, click, click.

Nick Fury wanted to stop it, but it was too late.

In this information age where the Internet is worldwide, it's impossible to keep everything a secret.
That night, someone on Youtube uploaded the whole video of Minato beating up Abomination and Hulk. It became insanely popular, spreading like wildfire. 

The words left by Wu Chen when he left were not purposely covered up. Thus the name of Konoha Hidden Village and Hokage instantly rose high.

Countless citizens started to speculate Konoha, the Hidden Village location, and tried to find more info about the Hokage.

However, Wu Chen called himself 'Fourth Hokage', and the public pointed it out right away.

It seems that only Japan would call it that!

Could it be that the Konoha Hidden Village is in Japan? Is this a Japanese organization?

As for Hokage, it looked like it should be the head of the Konoha Hidden Village or something like that.

If everyone in the Konoha Hidden Village were this strong, then the world would have been ruled by them long ago.

This was officially discussed overnight, S.H.I.E.L.D. and the United Nations started to put pressure on Japan to ask for the location of the Konoha Hidden Village.

The Japanese side is naturally in pain. How in the world will they know the location of the Konoha Village?

If it weren't for the video on Youtube, they would not have known the existence of Konoha Village and Hokage. 

The Japanese government didn't know the answer, and other people simply didn't believe their answer.

Seeing this, the Japanese side also became shameless and became ready for a showdown, "If you are that suspicious, then come here for a search! We will cooperate throughout! There is no way such a big village can be found here? And if you can't find it, then it's not in Japan!"

And then, of course, it couldn't be found.
However, these all were after events. Wu Chen did not know about them.

At this moment, Dr. Banner, whom he was carrying on his shoulders, gained consciousness.

Hulk was beaten into that state.

After he woke up, Wu Chen put him down.
He is still maintaining the appearance of Minato. It seems that as long as he does not purposely remove it, he can always stay in that form.

"You defeated Hulk?" The look in Bruce Banner's eyes was complex. He had asked the question, but his tone was conclusive.

Banner and Hulk's memories were not shared, but after transforming into Hulk, Banner could also see some fragmentary images.

It felt like a dream.

That Abomination was killed, and the Flying God of Thunder technique defeated the Hulk.

Wu Chen nodded. This was not something that was needed to be hidden.

"Well, since you have recovered, then I will leave."

Does Banner count as a good guy? Of course, counted.

That's why Wu Chen had a good attitude before him.
However, Banner stopped Wu Chen and pleaded, "Minato, right? Can I follow you?"


Wu Chen frowned, "Why?"
"You were able to defeat Hulk. You can control him. I need your help. I do not want to hurt others after his rage overtakes me."

Bruce Banner's words were sincere. These were his true thoughts.

Wu Chen became silent. He was thinking about the gains and losses.

At the same time, his consciousness sank into the system space.

Earlier, he was busy saving people and fighting. He did not have time to explore it. Now, it was just the right time to think and understand his cheat skill.

[Host: Wu Chen]
[Current playing character: 4th Hokage] 
[Current playing progress: 25%]
[Possessing character: Namikaze Minato]
[No of times left to play a character: 0]

Huh... if he was not mistaken before, his playing progress was fifteen percent. At that time, he thought it was because he and Minato had a lot in common.

 "Is it because ...... I just killed Abomination, defeated Hulk, and found the culprit who made all this, General Ross, to get my predecessor's revenge?"

If Wu Chen's arrival hadn't taken place, the predecessor had been hit in the back of the head and passed out. He would have died in the scene of Abomination's rampage.

After all, there was no one to rescue him at that time. And that kind of situation definitely called for his death, if not for his timely transmigration.

Suddenly the system's ethereal voice rang out again.

[This system is the strongest playing system, able to extract any character in the heavens and the worlds so that the host can transform and play.]

[The more the host plays like a character, the higher the playing progress, the more powerful the host will be. When the playing progress reaches the extreme, the strength the host shows will even exceed the power of the character itself].

Playing progress... playing progress!

"So that's how it is, I understand!"

Wu Chen's eyes sparkled with light.

Ninja! What does ninja mean?

Receiving a task, completing it, getting paid, that's the ninja of the Naruto world.

From Sasuke to Naruto, they all had the experience of taking missions and completing them!

This was an integral part of all the ninjas.

As for Minato.

Playing his character, could there be anything more straightforward and simple than accepting a mission and completing it every time?

At this moment, Wu Chen understood how to play Minato in the future.

Not only would he have to do things that fit the character traits of Minato, but he also improves playing progress while completing tasks.

Thinking about this, Wu Chen got an idea regarding Dr. Banner's request.


Chapter 6 Mission

"You mean, you want me to ask you again in the form of a mission?"

Bruce Banner had lived so long, but this was his first time receiving such a strange request.

But rather than begging the other party, Banner only had to do what Wu Chen said once.

Then, Wu Chen nodded, "To confirm, the mission is to stop you after your transformation, to prevent you from hurting others, or to stop your attacks."

"This is a long-term mission. Each transformation is considered as one mission completion."

"That's right, it is!" Banner nodded his head.

Wu Chen nodded similarly, "Then, it's time to talk about the mission pay."

Banner was stunned, seemingly not anticipating this.

Wu Chen said discontentedly, "You don't think I'm doing this for charity, do you!"

"No, no, what kind of reward do you want?" Banner shook his head in a hurry.

"How about this! You can work for me. This will be the mission payment." Wu Chen thought about it and said, "How about for every time you are stopped from transforming, you'll do one thing for me?"

"Do one thing for you?" Banner was a bit hesitant, apprehensive, and worried that this Minato standing in front of him would ask him to continue doing those evil researches.

After all, Bruce Banner's value, apart from being the Hulk, was only in his scientific research ability.

Wu Chen saw his tensed state and opened his mouth to explain, "I won't ask you to do things that violate your bottom line. You can rest assured about that."

Banner sighed with relief and nodded at once, "That's fine, deal!"

Seeing this, Wu Chen revealed a smile as he continued, "However, I will not follow you. I will be there when you need me."

"Don't worry. I left a mark on you. As long as you are still on Earth, I can reach you instantly."

"Now, I'll go first!"

After saying that, Wu Chen left using the Body Flicker Technique (Shunshin no Jutsu)

Banner was left alone on the roof of the building. His unsaid words remained in his throat, "Hey, you......  at least send me down the building, ah!"

                 * * * 

After getting away from Banner, Wu Chen canceled his character appearance and changed back to his usual good-looking appearance.

He lifted his tired feet and walked in the direction of his home.

Although he was not injured in the battle, he had been stressed inside.

Now, Wu Chen needed to take a breather and soothe his mind.

There was nothing more soothing than a good night's sleep in his own home.

However, Wu Chen suddenly thought, on the way home, how should he play other characters other than Minato?

The system's reply rang in his head when he conveyed this question to the system.

[The host will be able to get a chance to play the character once if the playing progress of each character reaches 50%]

Fifty percent?

That doesn't seem that hard to reach. After all, he had fifteen percent initially, and by completing the predecessor's last wish, he had raised it by another ten percent.

Maybe if he took a few more missions after that, he could successfully raise it to fifty percent.

Wu Chen felt that this was not very difficult to achieve.

On the way back home, he ignored all the shady snooping eyes. Wu Chen opened the door of the restaurant, walked in, and then smoothly locked the doors and windows.

The reason for this caution is naturally because of the environment here.

Wu Chen's restaurant is located next to the street, in the heart of New York City, Manhattan's neighborhood. That, too, in a total of eight blocks.
But there was no one who didn't know this famous place beside his restaurant in the underground world.

This place has an exclusive name - Hell's Kitchen!

"If you're not desperate to meet your end, you better stay away from 'that hellhole'."
Older New Yorkers had heard of this phrase and know that the 'hellhole' it refers to is Hell's Kitchen.

From here came many ruthless men, the most famous of whom is the uncrowned king of New York underworld - Kingpin!

In addition, Hell's Kitchen here had always been there regardless of the area. The North American government was ignored them for some reasons. 

This was also one of the main reasons why this place had become a paradise of sin.
His restaurant was next to Hell's Kitchen. His predecessor had long made a habit of closing and locking the door when the restaurant is not open.

Wu Chen didn't want to reveal his special identity, and naturally, being more careful was better than less cautious.

Back in the bedroom, while lying on the bed, Wu Chen suddenly thought of a matter.

Previously, when drawing from the pool of playing characters, there were three options: Naruto, DC, and Dragon Ball.

He got the Naruto characters pool, which means the characters he would play would be the strongest in the Naruto world?

After asking the system and getting a positive answer, Wu Chen frowned.

Although the Naruto world's characters were powerful, it was clearly not enough for the Marvel world.

Just one Exterminator alone, a Naruto character, or ordinary strong people can't deal with him.

Even with the Sage of Six Paths, it is estimated to be difficult enough. 

Moreover, he may not be able to draw the character of Sage of Six Paths.

But if it were DC or even the Dragon Ball world, it would have been much better.

The DC world had many big bosses, enough to rival Marvel, and Dragon Ball was even better.

Other than that, a single Galactic overlord Frieza was enough to hang the Exterminator.

Hence Wu Chen asked with some expectation, 'System, can the playing character pool be replaced or expanded?'


Chapter 7 Banner's shock

[After the current playing character pool's strongest characters are drawn, and playing progress reaches 100%, the playing character prize pool will be automatically expanded]

The system's answer put Wu Chen in deep thought.

So he had to draw the Sage of Six Paths or the full-power Otsutsuki Kaguya first, and then he can draw characters other than Naruto?

There was no doubt that these two big guys shared the top of Naruto world's battle power.

Even if Obito or Madara appeared, the ones who obtained the power from Sage of Six Paths gifts, they were still inferior in strength compared to the original two Otsutsukis. The whole Naruto world plot was the family quarrel derived from the Otsutsuki family.

In this regard, Wu Chen's heart was clear like a mirror.

But, under these circumstances, what can he do?
What can help him draw the Sage of Six Paths or Otsutsuki Kaguya?

Wu Chen was suddenly troubled.

However, this worry did not stay in Wu Chen's mind for too long.

At present, he only had to play the first character, Minato. Getting Naruto world's strongest character playing progress to 100 percent was too far away from him.

Even if Wu Chen were to worry till depression, there was no use.

Besides, the most important thing was to raise the playing progress of Minato to 50 percent, get the opportunity to play his role, and unlock the new characters!


The next morning, Wu Chen woke up.

Looking around the familiar and unfamiliar environment. He Chen realized that everything that happened last night was true.
He really crossed over to the Marvel world and also played as the Fourth Hokage Minato. Having killed Abomination and beating the Hulk.

In other words, the plot of Hulk had already been dealt with. 

Next, it's time for Iron Man 2 and Thor's plot.

Wu Chen began to think about how he should use these big events to improve his character play progress.

He thought about many possibilities, but no doubt, relying only on Minato was not enough.

So, the goal set last night was not wrong. He had to improve the playing progress of Minato as soon as possible, to get a new playing character to work with!

‘Let's start by looking for someone and take a mission from that person.’

First, Wu Chen decided to eat some packed food. Even Minato had to eat, let alone Wu Chen, who was still an ordinary person.

After checking his entire inventory, Wu Chen found a total of about fifty to sixty thousand dollars at home.

This much money, food, clothing, and shelter alone were enough to use for a long time.

Since this was the case, there wasn’t any need to worry about money, for now, so he acted immediately!

The restaurant was empty. There were no waiters or chefs who used to serve his predecessor.

No family, no friends, he was like a ghost living in New York.

This was also convenient for Wu Chen since he didn’t have to waste time and energy for his predecessor's socialization.

After eating the breakfast he made, Wu Chen went out to a secluded corner and transformed into Minato.

Whooosh!

The handsome, handsome and gentle Fourth Hokage Minato appeared, unleashing the Flying Thunder God Technique.

The next second, he appeared next to Bruce Banner.

The reason why he did this was simple, he needed to give his contact information to Bruce Banner.

The Flying Thunder God seal existed, but there was no other way to communicate between the two. There must be a form of contact to do so.

Last night Wu Chen had forgotten about it. Today he would have to fix it.

As soon as he appeared at Bruce Banner's side, Wu Chen frowned.

Because he disappeared on the roof of the building yesterday, Dr. Banner was left lying on the ground, covered with a few pieces of newspaper.

"So miserable?"

Wu Chen smacked his lips and then unceremoniously woke up the 'sleeping' Banner.

In fact, Banner had already woken up when Wu Chen arrived due to his alertness accumulated from years of escaping.

He continued to pretend to sleep because he wanted to see what Wu Chen intended to do.

Being woken up, naturally, there was no way to continue pretending to sleep. Banner rubbed his hazy, sleepy eyes, and the first thing he said when he saw Wu Chen was, "Hey man, you should have taken me somewhere else last night. The door to the rooftop here was unlocked."

Wu Chen felt slightly embarrassed, "Then, couldn't you just break the door and enter? Why did you have to stay here all night?"

"Can't… That might get the Hulk out."

 Dr. Banner stood and pushed up his glasses, "Why, what's the matter with you coming here today?"

Wu Chen remembered what he had come for, so he gave his phone number to Banner while pushing some money into his hand and let him go down from the roof through the stairs.

He himself went down, not by the stairs, but by walking on the wall, soles attached to it by chakra. 

"Holy-!" Feet back on the ground, Dr. Banner let out a gasp, "What was that just now? How come you can walk on the wall like that?"

Wu Chen glanced at him and spat out a word, 'Chakra', then he vanished in front of Banner.

He had his own plans to follow and had no time to spend with Banner.

This made Banner slightly disappointed, but his interest in 'Chakra' was still undiminished.

"Chakra? What is that?!"



Chapter 8 The Young Spider-Man

Making his way out of the alley, Wu Chen walked through the streets of Hell's Kitchen, maintaining the appearance of Namikaze Minato, walking without hurry.

He was trying to come across 'random missions.'

The so-called 'random mission' was to wait for someone to come for help and then take the other person's help mission.

He can't just pull someone and say, "I'm going to help you finish work, you need to pay me," or something like that!

That would be too low and deliberate.
After giving it some thought on the night before, he came up with the 'take a random mission' method.

As long as the place is messy enough, someone will definitely come to the door for help.

However, there was one thing to say, nothing could beat Konoha's mission hall in terms of receiving the task.

There, you could take any kind of task you want.

Without Konoha's mission hall, it was inconvenient to pick up missions.

"Hey! That fancy dress kid!"

However, instead of waiting for a 'random mission,' he was approached by trouble.
Wu Chen was stopped by a bald head.
He was a white man, around two meters tall, with a bulging stomach and a face full of chubs, sporting a fierce look on his face.

"What do you want?" When he was interrupted on his face, Wu Chen acted pleasant and cheerful.

This time, he had actually come out to get himself into trouble.

Finding a mission, taking it, and then completing it… wasn't this just asking for trouble?

Of course, if the process required no money, then it would be completely finished.

Therefore, he had long been prepared to be stopped by strangers.

Wu Chen spoke nicely, but the man thought Wu Chen was a scared guy, so he directly reached out and grabbed Wu Chen's collar. He spat in a harsh voice, "You are wandering around freely here. Are you looking for me?"

"Hmm?" Wu Chen was not sure. He looked at the bald man's hand that was holding his collar, "Can you let go of me while you talk?"

"Haha! Bald John is up to mischief again. There's going to be a good show! I bet five seconds!"

"Five seconds? You think too highly of this little white boy. I guess he'll beg for mercy before John even starts."

"I'll bet three seconds!"

"It's on! It's on!"

When the people around saw this scene, instead of calling the police or taking initiative, they were laughing in glee.

Obviously, these guys were rotten to the core.
When Bald John heard Wu Chen's words, his grin revealed a smile, "Kid, it seems that you are indeed looking for me and that too, for giving me money, right!?"

This time Wu Chen understood, "Robbery?"
"No, no, no, how could you say robbery?" Bald John's spit sprayed onto Wu Chen's face, making Wu Chen's straight face frown, "Didn't I just say? You are here to give me money."

"Let's see, you should be able to give me a thousand dollars, yes!"

Saying that he raised his empty other hand and waved his casserole-sized fist in front of Wu Chen.

"I don't want to hear no as an answer, or I might get angry and accidentally land my fist on your body."

Seeing this, Wu Chen did not reply. Instead, he turned his head and looked around at the people around him.

"So, you're all scum!"

Bald John raged, "Kid, what are you talking about?!"

Saying that his fist was about to fall on Wu Chen.

And at this time, a little boy's shout suddenly came from the side, "Don't you dare bully him! I'm calling the police!"

Bald John stopped and turned his head to look over.

Wu Chen also withdrew the hand ready to condense the Rasengan, and looked over.
It was a boy in his teens with brown hair. He was holding a cell phone in his hand, and at the moment, was working up the courage to shout, "Let him go!"

"Hahahahaha!!!" Everyone, including Bald John, laughed.

Dragging Wu Chen by his collar, Bald John walked up to the kid and bent down and said, "Little one, don't you know that the New York police won't even come out to this place, huh?"

"Ah!" The boy was obviously stunned, "But the police uncle just said he would be there soon…"

"That's a lie! They'll only come over after it's over and wash the floor ah! Hahahahahaha!!!"

At once, the people around were amused and doubling over in laughter.

Seeing this, Peter Parker, who was only eleven years old, turned as pale as ever.  Although young, he knew exactly what kind of situation he would face in this way.

Offending such a gangster, being beaten half to death and then robbed of the money on his body, was the best-case scenario.

If it turned more serious… he was a little afraid to imagine what would happen to him.

Obviously, he had just ventured out to buy something, just that when he reached this side of the neighborhood, he did not expect to actually encounter such a situation.

He had grown up with a strong sense of justice. Indeed, Peter would not just sit back and do nothing.

But he is not stupid. He did not directly rush up to them but called the police.

What he did not expect was that the police didn't care about this side of the city!

This… what to do now?!

Looking at the somewhat flustered boy, Wu Chen felt he should act.

Such a brave and kind-hearted child put himself in danger to help him. Wu Chen quite liked him.

In this case, of course, he should protect him.

So, Wu Chen raised his hand and squeezed the wrist of bald John carrying his collar. Slowly, he tightened his grasp around John's wrist and yanked it off his collar.


Chapter 9 Teaching
Crack~
The crisp sound of bones breaking rang out, and the hand carrying Wu Chen's collar was forcefully released, allowing Wu Chen to regain his freedom.
Immediately afterward, Bald John began to wail, "Ah! My hand! My wrist is broken!!! Ahhhhh!!!"
Wu Chen still didn't let go of his hand and squeezed Bald John's right hand tightly, allowing everyone, along with Peter Parker, to get a good look.
At once, the faces of those surrounding the onlookers changed.
Bald John would never cooperate with such a handsome man's acting, which meant that his hand bone was really getting crushed!
Hiss!
Who is this handsome blond guy? He crushed Bald John's hand bone with his bare hands, how strong he must be!
Silently, the onlookers walked away quickly.

To be able to survive in the harsh Hell's Kitchen, in addition to having the necessary backing, you must have good eyesight to live.
You have to know with whom you can mess and with whom you can't.

If you mess with the wrong people, it is likely you'll die without knowing how you died.

Obviously, the ability to crush a person's hand bones with their bare hands, no matter who this handsome blond man was, he was not a victim.
A group of people who felt they had nothing to do with this matter left.

Of course, some people left because they were worried that this blond, handsome man would settle the score after the fall and clean up the people who had just ridiculed him.

This was not out of the question.

The Hell's Kitchen punks came to this conclusion by judging themselves.

Of course, more people chose to stay and join the fun.

Their thoughts were simple. This blonde kid is strong, but can one of them beat a group?

Ignoring people's reactions, Wu Chen looked at Little Peter and then squeezed Bald John's wrist with force.

CRACK!
This time it completely disconnected from the socket.
The broken hand was limp at the wrist area. There was no wound, but the red swelling around the area was enough to see the power of the Golden Flash, Minato.
Crushing the human bone without breaking the skin was not something that required only strength but also some skills.
Wu Chen used this technique when he recollected Minato's memories, who had learned this while interrogating prisoners.
Now it seemed that this technique was not just for interrogating prisoners. It also worked well for deterring ordinary people.
"Ahhhhh!!!" Bald John held his hand and rolled on the ground in pain.
Little Peter was so scared that he jumped back a few steps.
Wu Chen stepped forward to hold his head and said gently, "Kid, don't be afraid. Can you tell me your name?"
Either way, it was to find someone to trigger the 'mission', so it's better to find a person who made him look good.
This child in front of him was pretty pleasant. Even if he didn't have something that can pay him for the task, it was better than helping those evil souls.
Therefore, Wu Chen wanted this child to be his employer and issue a task for him.
"I ... my name is Peter Parker!" Although a little scared of the scene in front of him, small Peter still said his name.
This big brother, it seemed, was not completely nice…
Wu Chen raised his eyebrows slightly. He looked carefully at little Peter's face and determined that this was the future Spider-Man.
He really did not expect to encounter superheroes while doing a random 'random task'.
Despite being a future superhero, the little spider-man was really quite likable. Wu Chen did not change his intention to set things right because of Peter Parker's future identity.
Seeing Peter Parker's expression, Wu Chen guessed what was going on in his mind and explained, "Little Peter, how do you think we should treat the bad guys?"
Bad people, in the eyes of the teenage Peter Parker, were those who bully others.
So he came up with the answer, based on his own encounter, "Convince them to stop bullying people."
"But what if they can't be convinced?" Wu Chen pointed to the bald John who fell to the ground and wailed, "There are always those people who you can't convince with words. At that time, what will you do?"
Little Peter fell into deep thought, and only after a moment did he say, "I would run away, run far away, and not let him find me."
Running away is shameful, but it worked.
Most people faced bad guys with this mentality, and there was nothing wrong with that.
But Wu Chen said, "Running away won't solve the problem, you can run away, but there are still others, no? If you run away, and your best friend gets trapped in the hands of these bad guys, then what would you do?"
This was another tricky question, and the young spider-man was still thinking hard, "I will come back and fight off the bad guys, but I may not have the ability to do that."
"Suppose you have that kind of ability."
"Then I will come back to fight and get rid of the bad guys!" Peter Parker said firmly.
"Very good! That's great!" Wu Chen tenderly touched the little spider-man's head, "That's the right way to treat bad guys. If you don't want to kill them, then you have to beat them till they get so scared that they will never dare to do bad things again."
"And different bad guys can tolerate different levels of pain."
"Just like this bald guy, he is the kind of person who bullies everyone. Even if he is verbally educated today, he will continue to bully others another day."
"Therefore, I choose to directly get rid of his means of crime so that he will never be able to bully others again."

Chapter 10 Little Spiderman's commissioned mission

"Little Peter, do you understand?" Wu Chen looked at Peter Parker with some expectation.

To be honest, the feeling of educating people was really great. Wu Chen felt a little addicted.

Especially since the person being educated would shine in the future, Wu Chen feels even more refreshed.

Of course, if the education is successful, his feeling of pleasure will be raised by one more notch.

So, under Wu Chen's expectant gaze, the little spider-man Peter Parker carefully said, "Big brother, you said he cannot continue to bully people in the future. But his own life has become a problem, ah!"

"With one less hand, he will not be able to do a lot of work and may starve to death...."

That's so kind!

Wu Chen could not help but sigh.

Even though he was a young lad, little Spiderman's heart already had a real superhero's quality - that is, kindness can also be called empathy.

However, there are times when kindness and empathy are not rewarded as they should be.

At this moment, bald John, who was wailing on the ground, he heard the little spider-man's pity on him and suddenly got up.
Even the pain in his right hand was suppressed!

He struggled to get up, half-kneeling on the ground. His intact left hand pulled out a pistol from his pocket, and the pistol was aimed at Peter Parker.

"Go to hell! You stinking brat! How dare you talk about me like that!!!"

BANG!!!

Bald John shot. This was a really evil guy and not just another lousy street punk.

Those punks still had something to fear and guilt, while these vicious men, even without gangs, were lawless beings.

They are not afraid of anything, they do not care about anything, and they just do what they want to do.

The bullet shot through the air and flew at Peter Parker at an extremely fast speed.
This speed was nearly equal to the speed of sound. There was no way that little Peter, who had yet to get the ability of Spider-Man, would be able to dodge this bullet.

At first, Wu Chen's vision became slightly hazy, then his chakra wrapped around his feet. He directly dived at little Peter, shoving him to the ground.

This was the superb reaction power of Golden Flash, Namikaze Minato, which no one else can match.

The bullet flew over Wu Chen's body, moving past the two and hitting the people watching in the back.

"Ah!!! Damn! Baldy, you actually shot me!!!" The man was shot in the calf and immediately fell to the ground.

Then, he pulled out a pistol from his pocket and shot at Bald John too.

At once, the scene was chaotic. Other unrelated people immediately hid behind the cover, skilfully leaving only Bald John and the man who was shot along with Wu Chen and Little Spiderman on the street.

This was the daily situation in Hell's Kitchen.

The stores on the street had already closed their doors and windows in a used-to manner, quietly waiting for the firing battle to end so that they could continue their business.

Seeing this scene, Wu Chen took out a kunai from his ninja bag and threw it at the building in the distance.

Poof!

The triple-pronged kunai settled on the building's roof, while Wu Chen and the little spider-man disappeared into the street along with a golden light.

"Huh? Where is everyone?" Bald John was surprised for a moment, but the guy who was shot was still shooting relentlessly, so he didn't continue thinking and fought against it.

On the roof, Wu Chen sat half crouched beside Peter Parker. His palm applied slight pressure on little spider-man's head and asked, "Do you still think he'll starve to death with one hand missing?"

Peter Parker's small face was dumbfounded. When he heard Wu Chen's question, he clenched his teeth and shook his head.

"So, remember the way I told you today, because it's really useful, hah!" Wu Chen slowly consolidated his idea.

But little spider-man froze and looked down, and only after a long time Peter said, "Big brother, you are so strong, can you stop them?"

"You want me to stop them?" Wu Chen's eyes lit up, and he just felt that the little spider-man was on the right track.

"That's right! It's not good for them to do that!" The young Peter said.

"Of course, but I have to ask first. Are you entrusting me with a mission?" Wu Chen asked in a slightly formal tone.

"Entrusting a mission?" The little spider-man thought for a moment and nodded, "I ask you to stop them!"

"Very good! Then what is the reward for the mission?"

This made the little spider froze for a second. A moment later, he fished out a lollipop from his pocket and handed it to Wu Chen, "Is this okay? I only have this right now......"

"Of course, no problem!" Wu Chen took the lollipop, revealing a brilliant and gentle smile, "Be good and stay here, just watch me perform!"

Swish!!

With a flash of golden light, Wu Chen disappeared from the roof and appeared at the right side of Bald John.

He just left the Flying Thunder God seal of 'Nin Ai No Ken'' on Bald John's right hand.

Without wasting more time on his nonsense, he directly raised his foot and kicked the pistol in Bald John's hand.

Raising his hand to throw a kunai in the direction of the man who was shot, along with a flash of golden light, Wu Chen materialized beside that man, aiming a kick.

At once, the shooting fight on the street stopped.

Looking up and giving a smile to little Peter, Wu Chen unwrapped the lollipop and placed it into his mouth while his consciousness sank into the system space in his mind.

[Host: Wu Chen]
[Current playing character: 4th Hokage] 
Current playing progress: 28%]
[Possessing character: Namikaze Minato, the fourth Hokage]
[Number of times left to play the character: 0]


Chapter 11- The arrival of the black widow

The playing progress (previously 25 percent) has increased by three percent, reaching 28 percent now!

Sure enough, the process of getting paid by completing the mission assigned by the client could increase the playing progress!

Although only three percent had increased, this showed that his thinking was not wrong!

Wu Chen was pleased and felt like the strawberry-flavored lollipop had turned a little sweeter in his mouth. After seeing little Peter's surprised little face, he decided to perform well in front of the future Spider-Man.

Having tasted the addiction of teaching, he naturally wanted to continue.

Wu Chen also wanted to do a mission in front of Peter Parker to let little Peter realize his strength while fulfilling a mission.

Otherwise, if little Peter himself does not believe that Wu Chen has strong power, how could he entrust Wu Chen with a big mission that could increase the playing progress of the character?

He completed his predecessor's revenge earlier and ended up with ten percent of playing progress while completing the character of the little spider only gave him three percent.

The difference between the two was comparatively significant. In the first one, he had to fight the monstrous Abomination and Hulk, but in the second one, he just had to fight ordinary people.
The difficulty of the mission content was vastly different, which led to a large gap in the percentage of playing progress earned.

'If this was really the case, then do I have to take harder missions from now on?' Wu Chen gave to a thought.
He took out a few kunai from his ninja bag and shot at the position where the onlookers were hiding.

Wu Chen intended to use these guys to establish authority and show power to the little spider-man.

Anyway, these people were not good people. They didn't care to look at their own life, nor wanted to earn money honestly for a meal. Wu Chen's heart wasn't satisfied just by leaving them alone.
You can cheat others, but it is impossible to cheat yourself.
So, as long as you follow your own heart, you will be happy!
Of course, if you can help others in the process and make yourself stronger, that would be even better.

Swish swish swish!!!

The Flying Thunder God technique was unleashed, one after another, and Wu Chen, the living image of Minato, appeared continuously beside those onlookers. He subdued them with kicks and punches and then threw them to the center of the street.

Bang Bang Bang-! 


Those scums were getting the feeling now, how it feels to get suppressed by someone way much stronger than them. An invisible hand was choking them, not letting them speak. 

And little Peter, who saw the powerful Wu Chen, was so surprised that he could not close his gaping mouth.

Right now, a certain person in the nearby stores suddenly remembered Wu Chen's identity, "Woah! Isn't this the superhero from the number one ranked video on Youtube!"

"Ah! How come?" Others heard the man's words and took out their phones to check.
"My goodness! It is that Konoha Village's Fourth Hokage, Yellow Flash- Namikaze Minato!"

"How could such a powerful superhero come to Hell's Kitchen? Is he going to clean up this side?"

Wu Chen suddenly felt enlightened. Cleaning up Hell's Kitchen… if this was a mission, the difficulty definitely won't below.
He threw a thankful look at the person who said this and then began to think about the feasibility of this mission.

The few people lying on the ground, even Bald John, when they heard the words of the surrounding people, hurriedly took out their phones to check.

They saw the picture of Wu Chen with the appearance of Namikaze Minato, killing Abomination and beating Hulk.

That power, that technique, this was too powerful!

They all looked at each other's eyes; all they could see was regret burning in them. 

Why didn't they use their phones earlier?

If they had known that this Hokage Minato was this powerful, would they have still done this? 

Also, if he was so powerful, why would he come out for a private visit?

Why not immediately identify himself so that people kneel in respect? Why act anonymous, pretending to be a pig eating a tiger? This was just a pity, ah!

Spitting blood, they were now clear about Wu Chen's deeds and his identity. Yet, lying on the ground, these people did not even dare to move or try standing up.

Bald John is also the same. Although Wu Chen broke his wrist, he kept cursing him inwardly but did not dare to show it.

The fear of annoying Wu Chen and then getting killed was hanging over him.

The fear of death, which worked better than all persuasion! 

And at this time, a sports car pulled up outside Hell's Kitchen, and a female agent in a tight black suit got out of the car.

She had an exquisite face, with a curvaceous front and back and a shaped body, looking extremely seductive.

Her brown wavy hair swayed as she walked, giving off a sexy vibe.

She was the Black Widow Natasha Romanoff!

A S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent, and also a future Avenger member.

Natasha walked while raising her hand to toggle her headset, "I have all the information. I will be careful with his contact!"

"But really, why not let other agents follow?" Natasha couldn't help but suggest.

But the one-eyed black bald man on the other end of the headset vetoed the proposal, "Natasha, for a strong man like that, numbers don't mean anything." 


Chapter 12 decided that it's you

After a few seconds of serious thinking, Wu Chen reached to a conclusion.
Hell's Kitchen was an entity attached to New York that cannot be removed in a short amount of time.
This was due to a number of reasons.
The gangs, the government, the public, and so on.
Of course, the most important reason was only one, the one and only Kingpin's gang, in Hell's Kitchen.
Kingpin's real name was Wilson Grant Fisk. A two meters tall figure, weighing two hundred kilograms of pure muscle.
He was the strongest gang leader in New York and the United States. He could be called thoughtful and wise, far beyond the ordinary level.
He looked akin to a big fat man on the outside, but in reality, it was pure muscle!
According to Kingpin's personal physician, more than ninety percent of Kingpin's body was muscular. Armed with incredible strength, he had the capability of punching through a wall with his bare hands and was also a world-class fighting master.
There was no doubt that Kingpin's hands and eyes have the strength, and the means to rule the underworld.
With such a powerful ability, he could have washed the city clean of all crime, but Kingpin and did not have the slightest intention to do that. He still stuck to his old position, as the emperor of the underworld!
This side of him, naturally only shelter his own territory.
With him around, Hell's Kitchen could never disappear.
However, as long as he is killed or subdued, Hell's Kitchen will be much easier to clear up.
In this way, it seems that as long as one has the strength; it is not impossible to clean up Hell's Kitchen, and if the conditions and timing are right, one can make it disappear in a simple manner.
Of course, without a doubt, Wu Chen had this strength.
After all, even in the Naruto world, Fourth Hokage, Yellow Flash- Namikaze Minato, was one of the strongest.
Wu Chen, who can play the role of Minato, had the power to clean up Hell's Kitchen.
Just the problem was he needed someone to assign him that mission.
The small spider-man's task for Wu Chen was small, and hence, a lollipop was enough as reward.
However, cleaning up the Hell's Kitchen, which involved a lot of things, cannot be of the same level.
Suppose Wu Chen finished this work, and easily dealt with Hell's Kitchen, but could not improve his play progress, he would definitely explode in anger.
Plus, the people and things related to cleaning up the Hell's Kitchen were a little too much for the little spiderman.
If it was the 16 or 17-year-old little spiderman, Wu Chen, without saying a word, would immediately have guided the little Peter to issue a commissioned mission. Then, the two of them would have cleaned the Hell's Kitchen together.
But the current Peter Parker was still a ten-year-old child. Letting him come in touch with them, could even lead him to danger. Although if Wu Chen was there, he absolutely would not be in any danger, still then it wasn't a good decision.
This was something Wu Chen's heart refused to do.
So, it was necessary to change the person entrusting the mission. Preferably someone with a mightier presence, a big shot, one who doesn't mind slaughter.
With that decision in his mind, Wu Chen intended to send the little spiderman out of Hell's Kitchen.
He returned to the location of the roof, picked up the little spide-rman, and said, "Well, Peter Parker, where is your home? I'll send you back, this is not a place you should come back to."
After telling Wu Chen his home address, little Peter still wanted to say something, but Wu Chen did not give him the opportunity to speak. He directly activated the Body Flicker technique to leave.
But at that moment, a woman in black clothing walked into Hell's Kitchen. Wu Chen's eyes fell on her.
He recognized her face— Black Widow!!!
Wu Chen's paused momentarily, his mind working rapidly.
Black Widow appeared, which meant that S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted to contact him. In this case, the big shot he was searching for… Possibly, this could be a chance for him.
They had the ability to take responsibility for cleaning up Hell's Kitchen and also come up with a worthy mission pay. This fully meets Wu Chen's requirements, ah!
He decided to choose them as his employer!
Wu Chen left a kunai in that place, and then used the Body Flicker Art to leave the roof.
Natasha felt herself being watched and immediately looked back over, only to see nothing.
She raised her hand to toggle her headset and said, "I feel like the target might not be in Hell's Kitchen anymore. Chief, can you mobilize the surrounding surveillance and take a look?"
While Natasha's side was searching for Wu Chen's trail, Wu Chen was carrying little Peter to 20 Ingram Street, where Peter Parker's current home was located.
After finding the specified apartment number, Wu Chen immediately left the little spiderman behind and prepared to depart.
He acted as if he was avoiding a plague, which was really something he couldn't help.
The reason was simple, the little spiderman was very talkative!
After determining that Wu Chen would not hurt himself, little Peter's mouth was like a machine gun that pulled the trigger and started `shooting`.
"Big brother, what's your name?"
"Namikaze Minato."
"Big brother, are you the superhero on Ytube? I remember you defeated the big ugly green guy and the Hulk!"
"Yes, that's right."

Chapter 13 Standing on the shoulders of giants
At first, Wu Chen was able to answer every question properly.
  "Is their skin tough? Why are they able to resist bullets? Big brother, what is the blue ball of light you used to defeat them? Is that magic? And why can you move instantly? And run so fast like now?"
"Generally tough, it's not that hard though. That wasn't magic, it's all ninjutsu! I'm a ninja."
"Ninjutsu? Ninja?! Big brother, I want to be a ninja. Do you think I can be one? Also, I've played games before where there were ninjas, but they weren't very good! Big brother, why are you so good?"
    "Big brother, does a ninja have to endure? Why do you have to make those gestures when you're shooting `fireballs'? You ..."
  But when little Peter kept asking more, Wu Chen no longer wanted to answer.
  In just a minute or two, he was able to ask dozens of questions, and the number of words per question was not small!
  Wu Chen thought he didn't hate kids, much less little spider-man, but he was getting annoyed now.
    "I am able to do better than all the ninjas you know because I have chakra!!!"
  After answering the last question, Wu Chen directly unleashed the Flying Thunder God technique and left the place, leaving the little spiderman alone in the same place with excitement.
  "Ninjas are awesome!!!"
                        *  *  *
When Wu Chen returned, the scene of his figure appearing on the roof, along with the yellow light, was clearly seen by the Black Widow, who just happened to look at the roof from afar.
This is naturally the reason why Wu Chen did not hide. His intention was to let the Black Widow discover him.
  This will allow things to go on as he wants them to.
Otherwise, with the tricks of Minato's space ninjutsu, if Wu Chen didn't want to, no one would have been able to find him.
Wu Chen noticed Black Widow's prying eyes, and went straight to the place where she was standing, with his body flickering technique."Hello, lady, you seem to be looking for me? Do you need my help?"
He was originally a few dozen meters apart, but in an instant, he appeared in front of her eyes. Even though she had heard that the other party had this ability, Natasha, at this moment, couldn't help herself except being surprised by Wu Chen. "Did you just use a flickering technique?"
  "Flickering technique?" Wu Chen paused, "This is indeed Body Flicker, so it's not wrong to call it that."
"Body Flicker? Then when you stopped Hulk and Abomination last night, you used the same flickering technique?" Natasha seemed to think that Minato was very good at talking, so she pretended to make small talk, while scouting for information, drawing closer to him.
    "That one wasn't the same." Wu Chen shook his head. He naturally saw Natasha's intentions, but did not reveal her intentions.
Appropriately revealing some information, this was also a means to show power.
"If it's not Body Flicker, then what is it?"
Natasha slightly raised her face. Her makeup was based on the aesthetics of the East Asian region. As S.H.I.E.L.D. internally speculated that Minato would be from the East Asian region.
Although he had blond hair, and blue eyes, his facial looks were not European or American style. It was highly probable that he was from a mixed-race.
At this moment, this black widow's body looks slender and delicate, pitiful. Usually, if an East Asian Male saw this, he would have been strangely attracted to her.
Only, Wu Chen knew the black widow well and did not have the slightest intention of being moved by her.
But he did not let this make him act hostile to the other party. After all, she is an agent and her body is also her weapon.
Plus, he wasn't going to change his strategy, so he replied with a straight face and humility, "It's Space Ninjutsu - Flying Thunder God no Jutsu! It's a jutsu created by the Second Hokage of our Hidden Village Konoha. I'm just using his work."
"So it's a space jutsu!" Natasha pondered.
Through the microphone on Natasha's body, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s intelligence team also caught and extracted the keywords 'space' 'ninjutsu' 'Hidden Village Konoha' 'Second Hokage'.
  From these few keywords, they were able to see a lot of things.
  "Space Ninjutsu? The superpower that Minato uses is a jutsu, a space-related one, and it's not just him who knows it!"
"The Hidden Village Konoha! It seems that there is no need to continue searching in vain. We are not destined to find Konoha. This kind of organization with superpowers… Just from the name of the word 'hidden', it can be understood that they must have hidden the organization's premises or base with superpowers. Without the appropriate means, there is absolutely no way to find them."
"Namikaze Minato is the fourth generation Hokage of the Hidden Village Konoha. In other words, there are at least four people in Konoha Village who are as powerful as Minato! The first generation, the second generation, the third generation, and the fourth generation!"
After listening to the analysis of the intelligence team, Nick Fury, the one-eyed Head of the S.H.I.E.L.D. Bureau, immediately ordered Natasha: "Natasha, ask about the successive generations of the Hidden Village Konoha's Hokages!"
  "Also, try to ask if their superpowers are available for others to learn!"
  "And, of course, most importantly, ask what's the purpose of the Konoha Village to have him, the Fourth Hokage, come to New York?!"


Chapter 14 thinking time
After coming in contact with such a powerful figure like Minato, the S.H.I.E.L.D, even if they had an endless belief in Natasha's ability, they did not dare to put everything on Natasha.
       
 Having control is the right thing to do, and this is what Natasha understood, and agreed to.

  Thus at this moment, after hearing the instructions given by Nick Fury, Natasha paused a little and asked, "Mr. Namikaze, it's okay to call you this, right?"

  Wu Chen smiled gently, "It doesn't matter what you call me."

 "That's nice!" Natasha slightly relieved, "Mr. Namikaze, if it is convenient, can you slightly reveal one of your village's Second Hokage recently created ninjutsu? I am somewhat curious about this..."

  This question was a bit far-fetched, obviously, her words were not one from a heartfelt question.

   Wu Chen immediately saw the inner meaning. She was deliberately pointing out, 'Second Hokage', along with 'recently', meaning to ask whether the second Hokage is still alive or not and to infer the strength of the Konoha Village.

 The corners of his mouth showed a smile, his eyes shifted slightly. He looked at the group of people who were beaten to death by him, but found no one was there. All of them had fled that place when he was sending little Petter off.

 In response to this, Wu Chen did not panic.

  He left the Flying Thunder God mark on Bald John's body, and no matter where that guy escaped to, Wu Chen would be able to find him immediately whenever he wanted.

  For now, let that guy relax a little!

 And then give him a surprise afterward.

 Retracting his eyes, Wu Chen looked calm, as if he didn't see Natasha's intentions, and replied, "Not recently, the Second Hokage has retired, and usually just cultivates chakra."

  "Is that so..." Natasha nodded.

 S.H.I.E.L.D.'s member heard this answer and immediately exploded again, "Eighty percent possibility that the second Hokage of Konoha is still alive. In this case, the third generation must also be alive, the first generation… Not so sure."

 "That is to say, the hidden village of Konoha has at least three more strong men like Minato!"

  "Is that the only thing you're concerned about? None of you are concerned about the 'chakra'?"

   "Director Fury, please have Agent Romanoff ask what is chakra?!"

  After the command was given, Natasha paused on her side, but instead of following the instruction, she introduced herself to Wu Chen very frankly.

 "Sorry! I forgot to introduce myself just now. My name is Natasha Romanoff, I am a level seven agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. I have been ordered to come and contact you, Mr. Namikaze!"

  "Although you stopped the Abomination and the Hulk from ravaging the streets of New York, as the protector of this world, S.H.I.E.L.D. still can not be completely comfortable with you. At the very least, we must be made aware of your purpose."

  "What exactly is the purpose of your village, Konoha, sending you, one of the top fighting forces, Minato, to New York?!"

 S.H.I.E.L.D. as the protector of Earth? This self-proclaimed title barely qualifies, after all, they do contribute to the peace of the Earth.

  And as a member of the senior agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Natasha had her own judgment.

 From the conversation just now, she clearly perceives that to gain the respect of a strong man like Minato, it is necessary to give the same, or even a little deeper, respect to do so.

  The analysis of those in the intelligence team is not wrong, but the two sides communicate equally, which is on top of the condition of having reciprocal strength and equal status.

 Obviously, only looking at the high-end battle power, S.H.I.E.L.D. was inferior to the Hidden Village of Konoha.

 In this situation of unequal strength, to achieve peaceful coexistence and equal exchange, it was necessary to determine the position of both sides first.

And the so-called position was the purpose of both parties.

 Natasha had already said him the purpose of S.H.I.E.L.D. which was to contact Minato. The next step was based upon Minato's answer.

  S.H.I.E.L.D. had a different attitude towards a powerful organization and a powerful loner.

If it was Namikaze Minato alone, then S.H.I.E.L.D. certainly will not be as solemn as now. 

 They will certainly be polite, but there will never be a one-person contact. A large group of people would be there to handle the situation.

 Obviously, Wu Chen had started with the Konoha Hidden Village thing, and now it became one of his important credentials. 

Now, it all depends on whether Wu Chen intends to tell a lie, or flesh out the lie.

  If it's just a lie, then it's definitely not possible to hide it forever. There will always be a day when it's revealed.

So, a decision must be made about this.

After hearing these words, Wu Chen's heart immediately moved. He put his head down and silently thought about the gains and losses.

  Soon, he made a decision!

 That is to fatten the lie. Let the lie become true!

  In that case, the matter of cleaning up the Hell's Kitchen would have to be moved back a little.

If only for the sake of slaughtering large households here, it was true that he can set up S.H.I.E.L.D. to agree. 


Chapter 15- From this moment onward, he'll snub the world
But in that case, it would lead to a huge wave of slaughter and an assurance that no group mafia group or evil organization will rise up again.

After all, once the major powerholder, the leftover minions won’t dare to make a move again.

If Wu Chen can only play Minato, raise a slaughter wave, and then leave, it's not much of an advantage to him. 

Anyway, it's only 100 percent playing progress. There were plenty of opportunities for him to reach that later.

But Wu Chen can play more characters, other than Namikaze Minato's. He had countless Naruto's powerhouses waiting for him to play. Even the DC world and Dragon Ball world's OP characters were there for his disposal. 

He was fully capable and qualified to play out all the strong characters from Konoha. But just the strongest of Konoha alone was not enough!

In the Naruto world, there were so many powerful villains. And of course, if he got the chance to play them he wouldn’t refuse at all.

In the Naruto world, what was the most famous villain organization?

He did not even have to think the answer' cause the name 'Akatsuki' came to his mind in an instant.

In the entire Naruto plot, and throughout the Akatsuki arc, many Naruto fans liked the villains more than the main characters.

Wu Chen naturally also liked Akatsuki, and if he can make them reborn here, he will definitely do that.

These were his wild hopes!

So, a wave of slaughter is definitely not impossible!

A long chain of lies will become the truth!

But how long should he keep making up lies? 

(T/N: He's comparing it to water here, but considering the wave of slaughter mentioned before, I felt I should change it to something less repetitive.)

What Wu Chen thought of was to strengthen the level of trust between him and the S.H.I.E.L.D.

Once he gets their trust, there will be a continuous stream of commissioned missions, which was the key factor to progress his characters.

And to make people trust showing them Konoha’s goodwill was the best way.

Although the Konoha Village in Naruto was not completely decent, but in Wu Chen's case, his Konoha Village was truly a good place!

However, after serious consideration, Wu Chen felt that just showing Konoha Village's goodwill… was not enough.

To be precise, it was too slow.

Now that the Hulk plot has appeared, in just a snap of fingers, five or six years of time will pass quickly.

Just releasing goodwill… this act would have been enough in the long run, but Wu Chen wanted not just to make the people of Marvel Earth believe in Konoha Village, also wanted to become strong enough in this time. So, he must speed up his progress.

As for how to speed up progress, after thinking momentarily, Wu Chen got the answer.

That is a crisis! 

In order to speed up the gaining of trust, there must be a crisis to force them all!

When the people of this world fall into a crisis, Wu Chen will play the Konoha Village's characters to save them. Will this not be enough to get their trust?

And as for the crisis, this world had one such existence and not so difficult one.

Moreover, even if it was tough, he can also play as a villain from Akatsuki to mess up things, and give rise to chaos and crisis. 

It just so happened that cleaning up Hell's Kitchen was a great opportunity to make things happen!

But now he can only play as Minato. There was no way to play other characters, so the matter of cleaning up the Hell's Kitchen will have to be postponed.

The first silent prayer is that his second character will be a villain!

The more Wu Chen thinks about it, the more excited he was getting about it.

This idea was like killing a bird with two stones type. Making money in a crisis, and a million dollar practice!

Ah, whether this will hurt innocent people?

Wu Chen thought that, anyway, it was something they need to experience, their strength will grow under it. It was not something to worry about at all! 

Thinking about this, Wu Chen finally became enlightened!

He completely gave up the idea of looking for the dog boss that he came up with only a short while ago, so that he could take over the task of commissioning the cleaning of Hell's Kitchen and harvesting money.

Instead, he decided to snub S.H.I.E.L.D. from this moment on!!!

Not just S.H.I.E.L.D., but the entire Marvel world!

Looking up at Natasha, Wu Chen was ready and intended to make them believe.

"Agent Romanoff, right?"

"I just linked to the village through a psychic ninjutsu and asked about your S.H.I.E.L.D. situation."

"As far as our intelligence system knows, the current situation of your S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn't seem to be very optimistic!"

"However, it is barely safe. And, you are also the first official organization in the mundane world that is willing to reach out to us in good faith."

"Then, let me tell you the purpose of my coming to New York!"

Wu Chen's words made Natasha and the big bosses within S.H.I.E.L.D. and even Nick Fury a little shocked. They just saw Wu Chen lower his head, his expression unchanged. They thought he was thinking.

But they didn't expect him to be contacting a psychic ninja; capable of long-distance communication!

If Wu Chen had not said so, they would not have thought of this at all.

What if Wu Chen was lying?

The S.H.I.E.L.D. members were in disbelief.

Strong people had dignity and temperament.

S.H.I.E.L.D.'s intelligence team gave Minato an evaluation of 'the most powerful ninja in history, with a level of strength that can crush all the superheroes. 

Namikaze Minato, possessing such a strength, would not care to lie about it!

He does not need to lie!

Although it is a modern society, with strength of that degree, one would jump out of all legal boundaries.

As long as they do not want to destroy the world, or rule the world, those really strong superheroes who only kill a few ordinary people, are not pursued by the government agencies.

Hulk was one such example.

Chapter 16 myths and legends

Dr. Banner was slowly accepting the Hulk before becoming one of the important fighting forces of the Avengers.

In this process, he transformed into the Hulk many times, and a few times when the Hulk went berserk. Especially at the very beginning, when Dr. Banner transformed into the Hulk, he’d completely lost his mind and used to kill innocent people around.

But did this affect him becoming an Avenger?


The answer was no, not at all.


Then, there was Iron Man.


Tony Stark just made the Mark 2 when he learned that terrorists in the Middle East used the weapons he designed and manufactured to endanger civilians. Then, he flew directly to the Middle East to exterminate all those terrorists.


However, according to the laws and regulations, does Tony Stark have the right to kill people like this?


Even if the terrorists deserveed to die, but in the law ordinary citizens have no rights to kill them.

But what happened to Tony Stark in the end?


He became the Iron Man, admired by millions of people, showered with fame.


So, with such a default privilege, in the view of the S.H.I.E.L.D.'s intelligence team, there was no need for Minato to lie. In that case, what Minato said, its credibility is naturally very high.


But, 'the current situation of S.H.I.E.L.D. does not seem to be very optimistic'?


What does this mean?


Nick Fury began to ponder.


It was clear that S.H.I.E.L.D.'s business was booming, and superheroes were appearing on Earth one after another, so it was time for them to show off their skills.


Why would Konoha Village's intelligence system conclude that S.H.I.E.L.D.'s situation is not optimistic?


Nick Fury could not understand, but his instincts told him that this might be true and that this situation was very important to him and the S.H.I.E.L.D.!


As the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. Nick Fury considers more possibilities than others, this is normal.


But the others didn't care so much, they all stared intently at Wu Chen, wanting to hear what he said next.
After all, such a strong man… what he is doing in New York is a question that really requires them to be concerned!


Nick Fury also withdrew his thoughts and turned to listen carefully.


"Here's the thing! I'll tell you a story."


"A long, long time ago, the world had a godly tree that supported the sky. One day, the tree bore fruit, and the person who took care of it ate the fruit and became the only deity and the incarnation of the tree: the Rabbit Goddess!


"Although she became a deity, the Rabbit Goddess fell in love with a mortal and gave birth to two children with a certain emperor."


"But because of the achievement of the gods, the Rabbit goddess became more and more indifferent to human feelings, and eventually became a brutal evil god!”


"And by this time, the two children of the Rabbit Goddess had grown up and gained power not weaker than that of the Rabbit Goddess."


"In order to protect the people and the world, they fought against the Rabbit Goddess and finally sealed their mother on the moon."


"The eldest son was honored by future generations as the 'Sage of the 6 paths' because of his outstanding achievements!"


"However, the story does not end here, for the sacred tree rioted."


"In the process of sealing the Rabbit Goddess, the sacred tree became a terrifying beast with ten tails in order to protect and save the Rabbit Goddess!


"The beast was so powerful that  Sage of the 6 paths couldn’t stop it alone!"


"In order to prevent the powerful Ten Tails from bringing disaster to the world, the Sage of the 6 paths then divided the power of the Ten Tails into nine parts. He thus created nine Tailed Beasts, weakening their power and training them to help humanity."


"However, things were not as they should be, human desires were relentless and endless, and the tailed beasts have been pitted more than once. Slowly, the tailed beasts became hostile to humans, vicious and brutal."


"Forced to do nothing, the Sage of the 6 paths, before his death sealed the nine Tailed Beasts around the world, as a way to bring world peace."


Having said so much in one breath, Wu Chen paused to give Natasha and the S.H.I.E.L.D. time to digest.
Time is short, the situation is urgent, and Wu Chen was too lazy to make up a new myth and legend, so he had to adapt the historical facts of his familiar Naruto world to inform the people from here.


The reason for doing this and revealing so much information is naturally to complement the world view and make the people of S.H.I.E.L.D. believe what he was about to say.


Seeing the shocked look on Natasha's face recover a little, Wu Chen continued, "Originally, the nine seals were intact. But recently, the seal on the New York side has loosened a bit."


"The strength of the Sage of the 6 paths far exceeds that of mortals like us, and even after thousands of years have passed, his seal will not be loosened. Therefore, we suspect that someoneis trying to weaken the seal, wanting to release the tailed beasts!"


"Therefore, the village sent me, who has the most outstanding power, to investigate this matter."


"Now, you, and the S.H.I.E.L.D. behind you, should understand the reason why I came to New York!"


Wu Chen raised his eyes and stared into Natasha's eyes, seemingly staring at her, but it was like he was looking through her and seeing into S.H.I.E.L.D. 's one-eyed head.


Nick Fury stared at Wu Chen's serious eyes. His expression also changed.

Chapter 17 fooling, then more fooling


'This is a mythical story.'


That was Nick Fury's first internal reaction when he heard the story Wu Chen told.


'It's a mythical story that only the ninjas know.’


After S.H.I.E.L.D. 's intelligence team searched the world's mythological stories without getting a match, Nick Fury made this judgment.


The Bunny Goddess? 

(T/N: it’s written as usagi goddess, but I went with the term used in subtitles.)


This kind of nomenclature seems to be from the Japanese side.


It seems that they can not relax the scouting of Japan!


However, with the still serious and earnest look on Wu Chen, with Minato's appearance, Nick Fury's view on things began to change.


''The Sage of the 6 paths sealed the Rabbit Goddess on the moon? How is this possible?!”


''Ten tails? A giant beast with ten-tails? Why does it sound so vague?''


''The Sage of the 6 paths divided the Ten-Tails into nine tail beasts, so doesn't it feel like that Sage of the 6 paths is the equivalent of a creator god, able to create life out of thin air? However, how can a god die of old age?”


Just like this, Nick Fury in the midst of making these calculations waited for Wu Chen to give them more information. “The reason Namikaze Minato was sent to New York”. His eyelids could not help but twitch.


‘Can't believe, I refuse to believe!’


This was the conclusion that Nick Fury came to.


According to this Namikaze Minato after the unification of the nine-tailed beasts it was enough to destroy the world.


If this was true, and he ignores or chooses not to believe in it, what if some shitty people take advantage of the opportunity to unseal the nine-tailed beasts, and then fuse it into the ten tails of destruction? Then, won’t hebecome an accomplice to the destruction of the world?


Being an accomplice or not isn’t what’s important, throwing the world into a big crisis was the thing torubling the S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nick Fury.

After thinking again and again, Nick Fury said to Natasha through the headset, "Natasha, give him the communicator."


Obviously, Minato already knew that he and others are there behind Natasha. If they continued to communicate via this, he may not put them in his eyes.


Although Minato seemed to have a calm personality and was not that kind of violent person, just what if?


Nick Fury didn’t want to gamble. He would rather choose a slightly more troublesome way to kill the crisis in the cradle.


"You are the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.?" Minato asked in a slightly gentle voice to let Nick Fury feel assured. 

Such a gentle person, he would not mess with!


Moreover, with such a character, maybe the S.H.I.E.L.D. will be able to cooperate more easily with him!


Thinking of this possibility, Nick Fury’s pupils’ unconsciously enlarged somehow, breathing also increased a bit.


However, in this abnormal situation, the experienced Nick Fury quickly covered up.


Even the person standing next to Nick Fury, Agent Maria Hill did not notice such change in his behaviour.


But Wu Chen noticed it.


After all, a ninja's senses are quite keen.


The corners of his mouth curled up slightly. Wu Chen was a little happy.


‘It's going right if his heart is in turmoil! This means that the story he told before was not in vain.’


"Mr. Namikaze, I would like to confirm, is there really such an existence as a tailed beast in this world?"


Perhaps because of the good temper Wu Chen showed, which made Nick Fury slightly bolder, he directly opened his mouth and asked one of the key questions.


"Of course the Tailed Beast exists! Our Konoha's first generation Hokage, once fought with the strongest of the nine tailed beasts, the Nine-tailed Demon Fox, and then suppressed it!"
Wu Chen spoke with a tone of reverence.


"Nine-tailed demon fox? Isn't that a mythological figure from the East?"

Nick Fury, who had just checked the mythological information, said with a frown, "Moreover, when did the first generation of your Konoha village's Hokage fight with the tailed beast? Why don't we know anything about it?"


"Also, didn't you say that the seal of the Sage of the 6 paths is still strong even after many years? Why would the Nine Tails come out to fight with your family's first generation of Hokage?"


Wu Chen already has a response to all these questions, which he answered one by one, "The nine-tailed demon fox you’re referring to is not the same, please do not mix them up. Although they are both foxes with nine tails, the tail beast nine-tailed demon fox is huge, and can not turn into human form. Do not be confused."


"As for when the first generation of Hokage fought with the tailed beast, it was sometime five years ago. That day there should have been a very serious earthquake or some other natural disaster!"


"Why would you guys know about it? Of course, we will hide it."


"If people all over the world know this, even if the vast majority of people recognize it as a myth after hearing, there will always be people who can't help but experiment!"


"What if any unlucky person accidentally finds the location of the sealed tailed beast and then succeeds in releasing the tailed beast?"


"Such consequences, no one wants to bear."


"Sometimes, the more you know, the more dangerous it becomes."


"As for why the Nine-Tails were released, it involves a traitor from the Konoha Village, no comment on the details."


"Lord Hashirama defeated the traitor and then suppressed the Nine-tailed demon fox. He re-sealed it here in New York, afterward, according to the seal of the Sage of the 6 paths.”


"That's roughly it, do you have any more questions?"


Wu Chen paused, inwardly slightly looking forward to Nick Fury's answer.	

Chapter 18 Wu Chen reveals his 'sharp teeth'

Wu Chen revealed his part of information, next it depends on S.H.I.E.L.D. how they reacts to it. However, no matter what S.H.I.E.L.D. reacts, Wu Chen was not the slightest bit worried.

 Spatial ability was so powerful that anyone can come and go when they want! This was Wu Chan’s ultimate trump card. Even if he accidentally exposes his true identity, S.H.I.E.L.D., or Hydra, can't do anything about him.



Through the images transmitted back from the miniature camera on the Black Widow, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s big bosses were analyzing the person 'Minato' from the very beginning. This was through high-tech means to identify whether the person was credible or not. If it was for any ordinary people, then naturally it would have been very effective.

 But for Minato who uses chakra, the effect of this means was close to nothing. Of course, it can not be said to be completely useless, at least, it’s meant to make the people of S.H.I.E.L.D. slightly reassured.

 "Director Fury, according to our analysis, the Namikaze Minato would not lie."


        Nick Fury's dark gaze was directed at the person who just spoke, his eyes strained, "Do not be so quick to define, continue the test!"


        He remained firm in his opinion.


        However, his heart had begun to lean toward believing what Wu Chen said.


        That kind of emboldened gesture could not possibly be acted out.


        After thinking for about a minute, Nick Fury finally picked up his communicator again, "Mr. Namikaze, I would like to confirm first that the Tailed Beast that was resealed to New York by the first Hokage is the strongest of the nine Tailed Beasts - the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox?"


        "That's right!" Wu Chen did not stop and replied directly.


        "Then, about the nine tailed demon fox's size, ability, and other data, Mr. Namikaze should be informed, right?" Nick Fury asked again.


        "Yes, I know." Without waiting for Nick Fury to say anything, Wu Chen took the lead and said, "Nine-tailed demon fox’s height is of about forty to fifty meters, body length of more than a hundred meters (counting the tail), surrounded by heat, chakra almost endless, able to do extremely dangerous jutsu such as tail beast bomb!" 


        "So huge!!!" The look on Nick Fury's face became a bit ugly, "By the way, Mr. Namikaze, what exactly is chakra?"
        "Chakra is a power unique to us ninjas, you can understand it as a special kind of energy." Wu Chen replied, "Simply put, the Nine Tails will not get tired because his energy is nearly endless."


        Nick Fury's face darkened a bit more, "So, where is this sealed beast?"


        "Times Square in downtown Manhattan!" Wu Chen did not hesitate to say this location.


        New York Times Square is the most central location in New York, Wu Chen chose this location to increase their leverage.


        The impact of a huge beast of tens of meters to hundreds of meters appearing there is no less than detonating a mega-yield C4 bomb there, if not more so.


        Such a situation, for S.H.I.E.L.D. alone it was absolutely impossible to take care of this thing.


        In that case, it's time for him to step in!


        S.H.I.E.L.D. will ask for assistance, he’ll agree to the given payment, and in the process will increase his playing progress. Simply beautiful!


        Sure enough, the subsequent development was just as Wu Chen imagined.


        Nick Fury said solemnly, "Mr. Namikaze, if you take on the Nine-Tails, can you defeat it?"

        Wu Chen’s tone had a hint of determination, "Although I can not compare to the first Hokage but I should also be able to barely deal with the Nine-Tails. After paying a little price, sealing it is also very possible."


        "In that case, can I ask for your help? If the Nine-Tails’ seal really does break out, can you move to seal off the Nine-Tails?" Nick Fury finally presented the request.


        Wu Chen naturally nodded, "That's what I'm here for."


        "That's great, Konoha Village is worthy of maintaining world peace!" Nick Fury expressionlessly said complimentary words.

        However, before he finished his words, Wu Chen said, "So, now let's talk about it, the pay for this series of missions!"


        "A series of missions? Pay?" Nick Fury had an unsettled feeling in his heart, he had a hunch that S.H.I.E.L.D.'s funding might shrink.


        "Although I'm here for this, a profession like a ninja’s, you can understand it as a mercenary. We have pay in every mission." Wu Chen showed his 'sharp teeth', "To save a city, even I will pay the energy and cost."


        "In this kind of situation, it shouldn't be excessive to ask for a modest amount of remuneration!"


        "Indeed, it’s not too much." Nick Fury seized the point, "But the series of tasks you just mentioned are?"


        "Tracing the person behind this situation, stopping the Nine-Tails from breaking the seal and sealing it after the seal breaks. These three combined tasks are the series of missions this time." Wu Chen explained, "Then, is the S.H.I.E.L.D. willing to pay and entrust me to complete this series of missions?"


Chapter 19 Exclusive intelligence agent
Of course, S.H.I.E.L.D. was willing!
Without the ability to stop a possible crisis alone, it was only logical to take external help.
Otherwise, what could they do alone?
Can they just sit back, watch the crisis happen and not care about it?
S.H.I.E.L.D., the self-titled 'protector of the world', could not do such a move.
After some deliberation, the mission pay was determined to be of ten million dollars, while the S.H.I.E.L.D. will fully assist Wu Chen to complete this task.
Now there's no shortage of money!
Using the art of flying thunder God to return to his bedroom, Wu Chen looked at a large box of dollars in his hands, and could not help but smile.
The box and money were carefully checked by him. There is no tracker or other things that may harm people.
S.H.I.E.L.D. paid first, which is a good sign of faith.
Moreover, with the help of S.H.I.E.L.D., it will not be difficult to enhance the progress of Minato's role.
Locking the money into the safe, Wu Chen once again launched the art of Flying Thunder God and returned to the location of the Black Widow Natasha.
She was in a moving sports car. Wu Chen directly appeared in the passenger seat, because the triple-pronged kunai was hovering there.
Then again, there are differences between men and women. Wu Chen did not leave the 'Nin ai no ken' Thunder God mark on Natasha, but gave her a kunai with the Thunder God mark tied to it.
Noticing Wu Chen's arrival, Natasha's mouth twitched. In her only car, another person had appeared. She cannot drive the person away. Such a situation gave her mixed feelings. Even though she already knew that this situation might happen often in the future, Natasha could not discard this kunai.
Because, this was the order of S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nick Fury.
"From this moment on, S.H.I.E.L.D. level seven agent Natasha Romanoff will serves as an exclusive intelligence agent for subject Minato."
The meaning of this appointment was that no matter what requirements Minato has in the future, he can pass the news to S.H.I.E.L.D. through the Black Widow.
Human-form megaphone.
Because of the order, no matter what Natasha thinks in her heart, she can only obey the arrangement and listen to the command.
This was the downside of the establishment.
In fact, Natasha's role was not just a human-form megaphone, she was the one of biggest weapon of S.H.I.E.L.D. using the beauty scheme, the god of sex `baiting` techniques.
There was reason to believe that if Minato and Natasha had some sparks in between them, the S.H.I.E.L.D. would be very willing to see this happen.
After all, there is nothing better than feeling that can be tethered to a person.
Wu Chen was not clear about this aspect of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s intention. If he knew, he would definitely disdain in.
Black Widow was a great beauty, but the other party's private life was really chaotic; in Wu Chen's words: that's not my cup of tea.
In addition, the most important thing for him was to increase the playing progress, to enhance his own strength.
What is love?
Of course, if there is a short-term fling, like a night's worth of love, or helpful friends, and so on, Wu Chen will not refuse.
Only, he cannot use the appearance of Namikaze Minato, it has to be his own appearance.
If he used the appearance of Namikaze Minato to have relations with a woman, then in the end is he in a relationship as Wu Chen or Namikaze Minato?
This simply cannot be rationalized, and may even reach the 'I greened myself' achievement.
Coupled with a bit of morality, Wu Chen will avoid this situation.
With the sports car engine roaring, Natasha saw Wu Chen just sitting in the passenger seat and asked, "Mr. Namikaze, what do you plan to do now?"
"The orders I received are to follow you throughout the entire mission until the end of this mission. If you have any needs, please feel free to tell me."
Wu Chen raised his eyebrows, "Any needs?"
He deliberately showed some 'lustful' eyes.
This made Natasha uncomfortable and silent for a long time before she answered, "Yes."
These words were uttered with all of Natasha's strength.
She knew exactly what her role was.
"Then, recently I am a little short on money, do you have any S.H.I.E.L.D. pay mission entrusted to me?" Wu Chen seemingly unintentionally said this sentence.
At once, Natasha froze for a moment.
It's just that Minato's performance, and what he said next, put Natasha in an overwhelmed state.
And to think, she also made preparations to offer herself.
Unexpectedly, it was actually such a strange request.
He volunteered to accept the commission to complete a mission. Are all ninjas mission freaks? Would a day without doing a mission kill them?
Natasha through the voice transmitter sent this strange request to the S.H.I.E.L.D.
Nick Fury and the others looked at each other and were a bit surprised by this move from Wu Chen.
Under Nick Fury's instruction, Natasha asked, "Mr. Namikaze, didn't we just pay you ten million dollars? How come you're still short on money?"
Wu Chen sighed helplessly, "Those ten million dollars, I took them back to the village. That is the funds that I had to give to the village, the money I'll earn next is my own."
"Although having great power, our ninja in Konoha are also good citizens who abide by laws and regulations!"

Wu Chen's words made Natasha, Nick Fury and others' face full of black lines.
Street brawl (hitting Hulk), street murder (killing abomination), street assault on police (took down General Ross in front of a crowd), street mob brawl (beat up a man from Hell's Kitchen).
If you are a good citizen who abides by the laws and regulations, then, are not all the law-abiding people in this world, top citizens?
Trolling aside, business still has to be done.
Wu Chen's request, after the S.H.I.E.L.D. intelligence team discussed it, was agreed to.
There is a free and powerful helper waiting at the door, do not waste their help!
With the strength shown by Minato, a little mission pay is really nothing.
After all the big amount of 10 million wasn't a big amount for S.H.I.E.L.D. they were not bothered by such a small amount.
However, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s intelligence team head was a little worried.
New York Times Square seal may be destroyed anytime by some people, and thus release an incomparably powerful nine-tailed fox.
And the only person who could possibly stop this from happening, instead of immediately looking for clues, or trying to become stronger, wants to make money for himself.
"Little brother, is there something wrong with you!"
This doubt was politely conveyed to Wu Chen by Natasha.
"Hah, this is the problem you are worried about?" Wu Chen made a disdainful face, "Do you guys think that when you reach my level, you can still get stronger casually?"
"Since it is difficult to become stronger, then why cultivate? Why not make money to support your family?"
"Also, those who want to break the seal are hidden so deep that if they didn't take the initiative to jump out, they wouldn't be able to find it at all."
"In this case, we can only follow the traces of clues to find, and also have to act secretly, not to let them get alert."
"In that case, I am ostensibly working for your S.H.I.E.L.D., but actually investigating in secret! I thought you guys could think of this, that's why I didn't say anything, but I didn't expect ..."
At once, the members of the intelligence team within S.H.I.E.L.D. became all red in the face, only a few old faces remained unchanged.
And those who were ashamed, yelled in their hearts: It is true that this is the right reason, but we are not clear about your specific situation, how can we think till this point?
However, 'raising a family'? Could it be that Namikaze Minato has a family?
In the end, Natasha has an additional position, exclusive to the task of following Minato.
Mainly responsible for helping him to select, find a mission, as well as confirm the completion of the mission, and issue mission pay.
And about the implementation of the beauty scheme, it must be engaged from the start, changing depending on the situation.
Obviously, even if there is only a small probability, S.H.I.E.L.D. does not want to annoy Minato because of this.
The humble little S.H.I.E.L.D did not run away from the small possibility though.
And in the week that followed, Wu Chen successfully brushed up the progress of Minato's role to fifty percent.
He did it in the following way.
First of all, this week Wu Chen strived to complete the missions entrusted to him by S.H.I.E.L.D.
Every morning at eight o'clock, he appeared beside Natasha on time and left at six o'clock in the evening to return to his residence.
Of course, what he claimed to Natasha was that he had some issue with the bed, so he went back to sleep at home in Konoha Village.
Anyway, there was some another level space ninjutsu like the Flying Thunder God Art, no matter what Wu Chen said, the S.H.I.E.L.D. people can only believe. Otherwise, what were they supposed to do?
In the time spent with Natasha, Wu Chen's acting skills soared. He was pretending to do the task of secretly scouting the situation seriously, but in fact he was really just doing his mission of acting.
This wave of straightforward three-layeredmission allowed Wu Chen's playing progress to gain a great boost.
In this kind of process, Wu Chen got twelve percent of the playing progress.
He completed the S.H.I.E.L.D.'s ten less difficult tasks, got paid 100,000 dollars, and at the same time, gained ten percent of the playing progress.
The remaining two percent, as far as Wu Chen knew, superheroes or Marvel world's famous characters had commissioned the task, hence the increase in the progress of play is not the same as before!
Ordinary people increase the playing progress far less than the world famous characters commissioning missions.
These famous characters, were not the famous political characters of the world, not stars, but superheroes and supervillains!
Ordinary people whom Wu Chen will help teach a lesson to their respective villains, award him with a title in the newspaper. It will only give 0.1 percent of the playing progress.
In comparison to the Black Widow, there was a stark difference. He helped the Black Widow to teach some bad guy a lesson, got a nice payment, and the process surprisingly gave him one point nine percent of the playing progress.
Directly nineteen times the difference, ah!
So S.H.I.E.L.D. tasks only gave ten percent, because those people are not superheroes or supervillains, just some notorious agents or spies.
Wu Chen immediately decided to try to complete the mission entrusted by a superhero or supervillain!
So far, together with the 28% he had before, he already had 40% of the playing progress.
And the remaining ten percent of playing progress, also came around this week.
From Dr. Bruce Banner.