---
title: "Chapter 88 Harvest"
---

Without a word, the masked man directly lifted the play mode, and then lifted the shadow clone jutsu.
Suddenly, Wu Chen sensed the memory and fatigue of the masked man and quickly got up, took out the anti-fatigue potion, and drank it all in one go.

And then fell asleep again.

As for organizing the post-battle results and harvesting the rewards he postponed it until he woke up. That day he slept till night and woke up only when his tummy started rumbling from hunger.

Carrying the secret recipe for those secret dishes Wu Chen cooked himself a table of delicacies. After eating it for dinner he sat in his room and squinted his eyes to drink tea.

On the surface it looked like he was drinking tea to relieve himself after a meal but on the inside he had actually sunk his consciousness into the system space.

Looking at the changes in his system interface. At this moment he realized that involvement in such big events can drastically increase his play progress.

[Host: Wu Chen]

[Current playing character: None]

[Current playing progress: None]

[Available characters: The Fourth Generation Hokage Namikaze Minato]

[Playing progress: 70%]

[Available characters: The mysterious masked man Uchiha Obito]

[Playing Progress: 49%]

[Play character extraction times: 0]

[Selected characters ability: The Fourth Generation Hokage Namikaze Minato (1)]

After checking out the playing progress of his two characters Wu Chen realised that both of them haven’t even fought for ten minutes. 

However, their playing progress has increased by a sharp ten percent and fourteen percent.

The reason for this was Minato had already passed fifty percent, so only ten percent has been added to its progress. On the other hand, the Uchiha’s progress rose by a sharp fourteen percent, only one percent short of reaching fifty percent!

Seeing this, Wu Chen thought of using Shadow Clone jutsu, letting the shadow clone play the role of Uchiha Obito. While using the summoning card to summon Rin Nohara.

The two of them were driven to another room to talk hand in hand, while Wu Chen continued to sort out the results of the battle in his own room.

It's not like Obito can take up a mission to boost his play progress like Minato. After all, no one has entrusted him with a mission.

So he can only let himSELF fall in love with Nohara rin to increase that one percent of the playing progress.

As long as Uchiha Obito's play progress reaches fifty percent,  Wu Chen can get one more chance to extract a character.

Extracting a character was something that Wu Chen wanted to do as soon as possible. This morning before leaving the Town Square he had proclaimed the goal of their Dawn Organisation. And according to his proclamation the others were of the idea the masked man is just a low level member of the organisation. And many other powerful ninjas are hiding in their group.

This was just a speculation made by the S.H.I.E.L.D. and other big organisations like the US Govt. and Hydra. They had no idea that this so-called Dawn Organisation had two members. One is Wu Chen playing as the masked man or Uchiha Obito and the other is Kingpin.
That’s why extraction of character was an important event to add more members to the Dawn organisation.

With this in mind, Wu Chen's shadow clone playing as the Masked man gave Kingpin another chance to become stronger after saving him 
from the Time Square.

As long as Kingpin can become strong enough the Dawn Organisation can become stronger than it is now.

Anyways there is no way that Kingpin can betray him.

Besides, this is also a good time to make money.

Wu Chen searched his memory and he saw the situation.

Kingpin was covered with bandages, he was supported by the medical staff, he got up and half-kneeled to the masked man, "My Lord, I let you down, I am not a match for that man ......"

The masked man turned his head to look at Kingpin and shook his head, "No, he has mastered the art of Flying Thunder God, it is normal that you are not his opponent."

Hearing the masked man's words, Kingpin felt a relief.

He hated himself for not being strong enough, hated himself for not getting defeated by someone.

So, he looked up at the masked man, "Lord, I still want to get stronger!
The corners of the masked man's mouth curled up slightly, "Yes, I'll give you a chance! But to become stronger you need to offer more money."

Kingpin didn’t hesitate anymore and took him directly to his gold vault. After taking a total of $220 million worth of gold and money Wu Chen nodded in satisfaction. And both of them came out of the vault.

This was a show of both loyalty and determination that Kingpin wanted to become strong.

So, Wu Chen then wrote out all the jutsu of the Kisame Hoshigaki. He also used the [Weapon Forging/Repair] function of the mall to create the Samehada. One of the seven ninja swords, and used the wish card to exchange a water attribute enhancement talent seed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey Readers, Rex here.
Chapters will be updated on this website first and then on Webnovel after a day or two.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed what you have read, do consider tipping us a little through: https://ko-fi.com/yft/
Once we receive 3$, an advance chapter will be posted as a thank you. Don’t forget to mention the series that you’re supporting!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Or consider visiting out Patreon for advance chapters: https://www.patreon.com/yft

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~